Chapter Text
Behind every great fortune lies a great crime.
— Honore de Balzac
Wish I’d known it was just our turn,
being blamed for a world we had no power in.
— Andrew Hozier Burne
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved,
in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
—
Pablo Neruda
This story begins and ends during the summer that bleeds like a cuticle, forcing you to taste the extent of self-inflicted damage, hold it in your mouth to soothe the sting. Isabel Conklin is sitting in the passenger seat of a beat-up truck that smells of burnt leather, a remnant of the arson it survived two weeks prior. She’s beat up, too, violet bruises blooming on her knees.
At least,
she tells herself, glancing toward the boy at the wheel,
they match his.
His knuckles are cracked open, red and furious, but he’s humming the tune that would be playing if the radio still worked (
driving in your car / oh please, don't drop me home / because it's not my home, it's their home / and I'm welcome no more).
They bring tears to her eyes, his words, his hands, built to heal yet forced to break—windows, promises, faces.
Conrad Fisher would kill a man for her. In fact, he almost did.
Now, as he meets her eyes, he pulls the sucker out of his mouth and offers it to her, a little artificial sweetness, a little piece of the childhood that sticks to everything between them. She takes it, because she can’t help it; it’s peaches-and-cream flavored, after all. He keeps them in the glove compartment for her, but since he quit smoking (that, too, was
for her
), he’s been digging into the stash himself.
A bit of sugar. Hold it in your mouth to soothe the sting. Until it melts away, that is.
“You can’t leave. Your mom—” she pleads, one last time.
“Won’t survive this place anyway,” he says, his expression twisting into something dark.
Three nights ago, she cradled him as his entire body shook with the weight of it, the secret ghost amongst the living, the medical debt, the despair that brought his little brother to where he is now, passed out in the backseat with a bloodied nose. He won’t remember anything in the morning. But he’ll raise hell. Again.
“None of us will,” Conrad continues, his mouth twitching. “So let’s fucking go.”
Rewind, let’s rewind.
Think of the place where you grew up; how it held you tightly like a mother until you were forced to leave. It had a heartbeat,
your
heartbeat, locked inside it. All of your secrets, too. This is what Cousins Beach was to Isabel Conklin for the first 16 years of her life. It was magic, pure magic—and then it was cursed, turning into one of those horror movies that her older brother, Steven, always wanted to make her watch when they were younger. To understand the irrevocable damage of that, you must try to understand what this town used to be.
A salt balm to her soul, a respite from big-city smog. Raised in uptown Philadelphia, she has never lacked anything, except tranquility, except
authenticity.
Her parents are loving but overworked, her mother a corporate lawyer, her father the chief executive at a big business that no one her age has ever heard of. Their family has money, but it’s not old money. It’s blood-sweat-and-tears money. All of the fancy things in their house are trophies, stamps of approval given by a gilded world that they thought would never accept them.
See? We clawed our way to the top. It’s possible.
Isabel has never been able to appreciate it the way they do. Her every waking hour is spent longing for the ocean. At six years old, she asked her mom if she could have a seagull as a pet, so she’d always have a reminder of the place that was
her
home: the beach house in Cousins that her parents bought when she was just a baby.
It’s peaceful and airy, but not pristine like their city apartment. Some of the stairs squeak when you step on them, the white paint on the porch cracks a bit, like aging skin, and music is always playing at the heart of it. Her home is
alive.
It speaks and feels and changes, as Isabel herself does.
She can’t recall her life before it.
Just as she can’t recall her life before him.
//
The first time she meets him, her knees are not bruised; they are scraped and bloody. Rebellious though only four years old, she wanders off at the boardwalk in search of stuffed animals, or cotton candy, or helium balloons— all of the things her parents tell her she can’t have. Even at this age, she hungers for what is off-limits. Even at this age, her heart is too big for her body.
Her eyes eventually catch on something else: a lost sand crab, which she doesn’t recognize by name yet. All that she knows is that it’s little and scared and needs help. Some people might think those words would describe
her
current state, but that isn’t the case. Young Isabel is fierce, zigzagging through the forest of adult legs, to catch the creature. However, it’s not long before she realizes that she has competition.
A golden, curly-haired boy who looks about her age is running a few steps ahead of her, making grabby hands in the crab’s direction. Sudden fear shoots through her, as she’s seen what some of the boys in her pre-school class do to innocent spiders and caterpillars, squashing them beneath their feet or crushing them in their hands. She knows that she cannot let this happen. Propelled by determination, she speeds up and, soon enough, finds herself breathing down the boy’s neck.
Just as fast, just as strong.
Only clumsier. Due to the cards that life has dealt her, she’s not used to stumbling.
But that’s what happens now. Not made for racing, her pink glittery sandals catch on a rusty nail, causing her to fall forward. The wooden planks, rendered rough by years of wear and weather, cut her skin open. The pain is sharp, unexpected, blinding. Paralyzed by it, she just lies there, her knees and eyes stinging, dripping blood and tears.
Then a voice rings out above her, crisp as the salty air. “Hey, are you all right?”
It takes Isabel a moment to realize that the voice belongs to
another
boy, with sea-green eyes and windswept brown hair tucked beneath a blue baseball cap. One more moment passes before she grasps that he’s talking to her, a crease of worry by the corner of his mouth. It looks so much like the one that appears on her mother’s face. A sense of comfort washes over her.
“I just fell,” she murmurs, embarrassed. Despite the tears on her cheeks, she adds, “I’m fine.” Growing up with an older brother has given her thick skin. Still, something tells her that this boy won’t make her life difficult.
“You’re bleeding. A lot,” he points out, reaching toward her. “Come on.”
Isabel lets him pull her to her feet, and he keeps his arm on her elbow in case her legs start to wobble. But the only part of her that wobbles is her young heart, not yet used to being touched.
“I’m Conrad,” he says in an obvious effort to distract her from the searing pain that shoots through her knee cap as she puts weight on it. “What’s your name?”
“Belly,” Isabel replies because that’s what Steven, the only other boy in her life, calls her.
Conrad peers at her, smiling. “I like your guts, Belly.”
Guts?
Isabel— or Belly, as this boy will call her for many years to come (in fact, until that one fateful summer)— has never heard that word before. On his tongue, it sounds like the best part of any person, better than the heart or the brain, the parts that her mother says she loves about her. As she glows with pride, he steps into the foreground of the picture that her long-term memory is painting of the moment. The injury and the horrible fear she made her parents feel are thrust into oblivion. In the present, as is her pain.
Conrad leads her to the nearest bench. As soon as she sits down, he kneels in front of her, like a knight in one of her fairytales, and unzips the green backpack he’s carrying. From it, he pulls a bottle of water, a packet of tissues, and a mini First-Aid kit. Belly watches, too fascinated to be afraid, as he soaks a tissue and begins to wipe her right leg clean. Her left one isn’t as bad.
“You’re not scared of blood?” he asks her, intrigue making aventurines out of his eyes.
“No,” Belly says, although that’s a lie. “Are you?”
“I wanna be a doctor,” is how he answers her question.
“I wanna be a zookeeper.”
“Awesome,” Conrad remarks sincerely as he throws the bloody tissues into the trash can by the bench. After, he takes a thin, square-shaped packet out of his kit. “This is antiseptic. It’ll sting a bit. Is that okay?”
Unwanted fear digs its claws into Belly’s chest at the word
sting.
She hates that sensation, and she thinks she’s already endured enough of it from the awful scrape. “What does it do?” she asks, hoping the answer will give her an out.
“It kills bad bacteria, so that the wound doesn’t get infected.”
“What’s infected mean?”
A radiant smile appears on Conrad’s face then. He doesn’t look like any of the boys in her pre-school class—the ones who kill tiny, defenseless things. He looks like someone with whom she’d climb trees, sail the seven seas, and fight monsters. At some point, that last part will become all too real. But these kids, thus far untouched by cruelty, don’t know that.
“It… it just means it gets worse,” he explains. “You don’t want that, do you?”
“No.”
“So hold onto your guts, Belly. I know you can do it.”
Nodding, Belly clutches the edge of the bench, anticipating the sting. It’s bad, but not quite as bad as she feared because he’s so gentle. His movements are cloudlike, and the burn drifts across her skin, a passing thing on the horizon of her body.
“You’re the bravest girl I’ve ever met,” he tells her, his voice so warm that it could make her melt like spun sugar. “Which Band-Aid do you want?”
Conrad only has ones that would be marked
for boys,
but Belly couldn’t care less. After momentary deliberation, she picks one with tiny Stegosauruses in every shade of the rainbow. He places it on her skin like a badge of honor, and she kicks her legs, showing it off.
Offering her his hand again, Conrad helps her down. “Let’s find your parents.”
Belly only feels a twinge of guilt since it’s competing with the unmatched joy of making a new friend. The July sun beams down on them, but she outshines it. This boy, she can already tell, is special… and the woman she’s about to meet will, little by little, make her understand why.
“Look, there’s my mom!” Conrad exclaims, pointing to a stall straight ahead. A tall blonde woman is standing behind the counter, surrounded by crates of the most perfect peaches Belly has ever seen. It’s her favorite fruit. At the sight, she starts buzzing with so much excitement that she forgets about her parents again.
“Connie,” his mom says once they’re close enough to hear her. “I sent you to find Jere. Where is he?” When Conrad opens his mouth to defend himself, she looks down, noticing Belly, and her voice drops into sweetness. “My, my, who do we have here?”
“She’s lost,” Conrad says, his expression tender. “There’s a phone number on her wrist. Can you call it? I’ll go find Jere. I’m pretty sure I saw where he went.”
“Okay, baby. Please take care.”
Conrad’s hand slips out of hers, which leaves Belly small and shy in front of a stranger. That feeling, however, is short-lived. The woman, who introduces herself as Susannah, offers her a glass of chilled peach juice before she makes the call. Even through the phone, Belly hears the undeniable panic in her mother’s voice and feels sick with guilt.
“Do you think they’ll be mad at me?” Belly asks as Susannah looks at her again.
“Oh no, darling,” Susannah assures her, stroking her hair. “They’ll be over the moon when they see that you’re okay.” Normally, Belly doesn’t like it when unfamiliar adults touch her, but there’s something so naturally soothing about the gesture, about this woman’s entire spirit, that makes Belly pause and gaze up at her as if she’s seeing the sun for the first time.
A hand on her hip, Susannah asks,  “What were you doing off by yourself anyway?”
There’s no accusation in her tone, only curiosity. It’s not forced, either. At her young age, Belly has already learned to identify when adults are pretending to be interested in her. Due to their busy schedules, her parents will often only glance at the artwork she shows them, sigh at the silly, layered stories that she tells during dinnertime, and fall asleep while watching her favorite movies in the living room. They don’t mean any harm, of course, she knows that, but that doesn’t make it less painful.
Belly can no longer remember why she slipped away from them. Because of this, she just says, “It’s okay. Conrad found me.”
Susannah beams. “He sure did. My little gentleman.”
“What’s that?”
“Someone who knows how to treat people right. Someone who has the kindest heart,” Susannah tells her.
Pondering that, Belly takes a sip of the peach juice through a pink straw. It’s perhaps the best thing she’s ever had to drink, sweet and tart and refreshing all at once. She wishes that she could have this every day for the rest of her life, that it would never run out. But, alas, the cup eventually empties. She holds onto it, hoping for more, though she’s scared of asking. It’d be asking for too much.
Belly battles a frown. “Like a prince?”
Tipping up her sunhat, Susannah brings the natural shade away from her eyes. Her irises are bluer than Conrad’s but just as bright, matching the smile on her face. “Yes,” she says, delighted. “Exactly like a prince.”
So now you know. This town was a fairytale to young Isabel Conklin, a faraway land that she set off to in her dreams. Whenever she did, Conrad would be there, waving her to shore. He wasn’t a prince, though, not if we go by the strictest of definitions. He had no castle, no crown, no title, and—
this is the kicker
—no money.
Not that Belly, at four years old, understood what this meant. Eventually, as their story unfolds, she will come to realize, in the most brutal of ways, over and over and over—
this is the kicker—
until it damn near kills her. So now you know. Her fairytale ends in horror. Isn’t that tragic? But there’s more, so much more. Layers upon layers to the grave that’s dug into the soft earth of a peach orchard, a mile from the beach house.
This is where Conrad Fisher was born and raised. His mother is loving but overworked, balancing two jobs and shouldering the mountain of parenthood all by herself since her husband left like a whisper in the dark. Conrad was four at the time, old enough to remember— the sound of footsteps in the doorway, the weight of strong arms around him, the song of his own circadian heartbeat as he was chased through the yard. Jeremiah, his little brother, who was barely three, recalls nothing. There’s only the vague shape of a man, a deep haunting in his young mind. Unspeakable longing.
As far as Conrad is concerned, it’s impossible to worship a ghost. He stops waiting by the door at Christmas or by the phone that never rings. Instead, he seeks refuge in other worlds, those found between the pages of books. He longs for Rivendell, for Narnia, for Olympus, for Atlantis. The last one, he tries to find every time he goes swimming. It’s a boyish dream that keeps him busy until a more mature one comes along. Isabel Conklin, a girl from another realm. She is only his in the sticky heat of summer.
Sure, he thinks it’s impossible to worship a ghost. But it keeps him going for years and years and years, until—
this is the kicker—
he realizes that, sometimes, things that keep coming back are dangerous. They root in your heart like thorny vines and start smothering.
Sometimes, good people die...
And sometimes, those people are his mom.
//
The second time he sees her is the following afternoon. A shiny red convertible rolls down their driveway, a jaw-dropping sight. Jeremiah spots it first, tossing their football on the ground and zooming toward the car like a moth to a flame. As he did yesterday at the boardwalk, Conrad trails after him, always guarding. He catches up just in time to see a woman leave the driver’s seat. She’s elegant, in a sleek dress and strappy sandals that match her raven hair. In her hand, she’s holding a stunning bouquet of white peonies. Conrad recognizes them because they’re some of his mother’s favorites.
When she spots the brothers, the woman smiles gently. “Hello, boys. Is your mom home?”
“Mom!” Jere yells without much decorum, mighty as any five-year-old boy. When she doesn’t immediately appear at the door, he runs inside to get her, with such speed that you’d think the house was on fire.
(It isn’t. Not yet.)
Conrad doesn’t follow this time, only because his eyes have found hers. She’s sitting in the passenger seat, looking smaller and shyer than he remembers her. The bravest girl he’s ever met. Her gaze darts around the orchard, which is picturesque, with rows of lush peach trees that stretch further than her young eyes can see.
“Belly?” he says, catching her attention. “How’s your knee doing?”
“Better,” she tells him, finally stepping out of the car. The first thing he sees is her smile, a toothy and bright one. When he’s returned it, he looks at her knee, and his stomach lurches at the sight of the crusted blackberry-colored scrape, exposed to the dirt particles in the air. “My mom removed the Band-Aid last night,” she explains, happily ignorant of his worry.
Many people, even adults, believe that smaller wounds like hers need to
breathe,
but — even at six years old — Conrad knows this is a myth. Every cut, shallow and deep alike, needs care to give it the best chance of healing.
“Hope that’s okay, young doctor,” Belly’s mom says, her expression so affectionate that he decides not to oppose her. It goes against his nature as it is. He’s the teacher’s pet, the nerd, the goodie two-shoes. “I suppose I should thank you, too. I’m really glad you found her. I wanted to tell you yesterday, but you weren’t at the stall when I showed up.”
“Why didn’t you come back?” Belly asks, a wistful edge to her voice.
Suddenly flustered, Conrad looks at his worn sneakers. “I wanted to. I was looking out for my brother.”
As if on cue, Jeremiah comes back, dragging their mom by the hand. She lights up at the sight of the guests. “Mrs. Park. Miss Belly. How lovely to see you again.”
Susannah always greets people like this, as if they are royalty. Perhaps it’s a sales tactic to encourage them to return, but it never feels insincere. She’s so graceful and warm, breezing down the front porch steps to meet them.
Belly’s mom extends the bouquet to her. “Please, call me Laurel. I wanted to say thank you again for yesterday. I think I was a little too upset to express it properly.”
“Oh, they’re beautiful! It was no problem. She’s an angel.”
“Sure. When she doesn’t give me a heart attack.”
Eyeing Belly, Conrad hopes she didn’t get into too much trouble. This time, she doesn’t look back. She’s laser-focused on Jere, her eyes narrowed as she steps toward him. Conrad glances between them, confused, until Belly opens her mouth and spills a fierce accusation. “What happened to the crab? Did you hurt it?”
“Isabel,” Laurel scolds. “Be nice.”
Conrad does a double-take at the name. It takes him no more than a second to realize that he prefers the sound of
Belly.
It reminds him of, well, her guts.
As if to emphasize his point, Belly crosses her arms, staring Jere down. “Yesterday. You were chasing it.”
His hands clench into small fists, and his eyes widen indignantly. “I didn’t do anything. I wanted to catch it, that’s all!”
Although Conrad knows his little brother wouldn’t hurt anyone, let alone a girl, he’s argued with him enough times— over stolen toys, chores, bedtime, and their deadbeat dad— to know that he doesn’t want Belly to be the object of his ire. Because of this, he steps in between them, facing her. He’s already connected the dots.
“You were chasing that sand crab, too? Is that how you fell?”
“Yeah,” Belly mutters. “I wanted to save it.”
Conrad can’t help but smile. “That’s what Jere wanted. It took a while, but we found it and brought it back to the beach. It burrowed immediately, you should’ve seen it, Belly, it was amazing.”
This has Belly beaming. Her excitement wears off on him, making him spill one of the random facts in his brain. “Did you know that they can roll in tidal currents and waves?”
“Really?”
“They’re little but tough,” Conrad says, resisting the urge to add,
Like you.
Standing behind her daughter, Laurel clears her throat quietly. “Honey, do you want to show him what you made?”
Belly’s face flushes, turning light crimson. This, too, wears off on Conrad, his own cheeks warming. Wide-eyed, she twists around and walks back to the car. For a moment, he thinks she’s going to hide in there again, but she only reaches over the door, grabbing something on the passenger seat. When she returns, she’s holding a bracelet, made from white fuse beads. There’s a red medical cross at the center.
Conrad takes it out of her palm daintily, whispering, “You made this?”
“Yeah. Mom helped.”
“Only a little,” Laurel amends, smiling. “It was her idea.”
“Thank you, Belly,” he says, not the least bit embarrassed anymore. “This is so cool.”
To prove that he’s serious, he puts it on, turning it in the sunlight. Innocently, he even thinks of it as the first piece of his uniform, something that will help others see who he is at his core — someone who wants to help, to heal. Now, he only needs scrubs and a stethoscope.
Emboldened, he looks at her and asks, “You want to see my fort?”
“
Our
fort,” Jeremiah protests, adding, “And girls aren’t allowed in it.”
“Don’t be mean, Jere-Bear,” Susannah chides gently. Turning to Conrad, she says, “Belly probably has to go home now. It’s almost dinnertime.”
Conrad deflates. So does Belly, the joy crumbling off her face. Seeing their disappointment, Laurel looks at Susannah and suggests, “How about tomorrow instead? Just for a couple of hours while the two of us have a cup of coffee? How’s that sound?”
”Sounds wonderful,” Susannah replies, her brilliance rivaled only by Conrad’s.
This is how it starts, the casual magic of their time together. Over the course of that first summer, they spend hours in that fort, shapeshifting from pirates to astronauts to fearless monster hunters. Whoever they are, through all kinds of dangers, they never leave each other behind. Belly sees entire worlds, imaginary planetary systems, through his kaleidoscope. She names them all, and he creates their detailed lore — kings, queens, wars, quests, and heroes, courageous yet doomed ones who fall in love despite the impossibility of it.
Conrad Fisher is a romantic at heart.
When Bellly leaves that summer, he runs after the car for as long as his short legs will carry him. Jeremiah teases him about having a crush in a way that screams,
‘Yuck, cooties.’
But Conrad’s not quite there yet. At this point, Belly Conklin is his friend, the coolest girl in the entire world. He admires her for the way she stubbornly tells him that he’s reading their map
—
which he drew — all wrong; for how she picks up a football and sprints away with it when Jeremiah says she’s not allowed to touch it; for the way she asks his mom if she can help harvest some peaches.
(She can’t, as she’s too young to handle the pruning shears. Years later, when this is no longer the case, she’s still denied the experience, Susannah insisting that she’s ‘
too pretty for such work
.’ In his head, Conrad will translate this to ‘
too rich for manual labour’
and call it bullshit.)
While she’s gone, he makes a mental list of the things he’s learned about her:
She wants to be a zookeeper.
She loves SourPatch kids.
She’s scared of the dark (remember to turn on a flashlight, always).
She dives like a sea lion, or a mermaid, curving effortlessly against the current…
… and smiles so preciously that, every time it happens, he feels like the luckiest boy alive.
You should also know this: Conrad tries to be her prince, one who goes to space to put the moon and stars in the sky for her. He ties her undone shoelaces and comes out of the sea with treasures for her— seaglass, conch sheels, pennies that gleam like pure gold, silver, and bronze. He makes chains of daisies for her wrist and helps her capture fireflies in a jar to make nature’s flashlight. He shares his favorite blanket, favorite stories, and favorite snacks. He
never
shares his troubles.
This, too, will come back to haunt him eventually.
He’ll try to shield her from them, but the beasts in their future are much worse than fire-breathing dragons, witches, or orcs. Most tragically, in his determination to keep her safe, he forgets the most important rule of their play:
Never leave one another behind.
//
Somewhere in Philly, there’s a photo album titled
Isabel’s Firsts
sitting on a marble mantlepiece. It’s stuffed full of memories, a collection of Polaroids: her first birthday, which was fairyland-themed; her first day of school, which was lonely until lunch, when she sat next to an equally impassioned girl named Taylor Jewel; her first lost tooth, which was the left canine; her first time riding a two-wheeled bike, which was in Cousins. Her dad managed to capture the exact moment Conrad let go of the saddle, proudly sending her off on
his
beloved Blue Lightning.
That happened when she was six. Now, she’s ten, riding her own pink two-wheeler to Taylor’s house. It’s late May, the air is full of promises, and she’s counting down the days until Cousins. Just sixteen. It feels like ages, but she’ll survive the painstaking, bone-breaking wait. She always does… because it’s worth it to her.
Giggling on a fuzzy purple rug, the two girls apply matching sparkly polish to each other’s nails. Belly presses her tongue to the corner of her mouth in deep concentration as she struggles to be neat. She barely registers Taylor’s excited rambling. That is, until she smirks and says, “We should talk about our crushes.”
Belly lifts the tiny brush, brought to a halt. “Why?”
“Because we’re best friends,” Taylor says it so matter-of-factly that Belly’s heart flutters affectionately. “And best friends tell each other things like that. Don’t worry. Your secret is safe with me, Cinderbelly.”
This nickname is one Taylor came up with when they dressed up as princesses for Halloween. Four years later, they’ve grown out of that kind of pretend. Nowadays, they spend most of their time together pretending (and wishing) to be older than they are. They usually choose to stay at Taylor’s house because her mom, Lucinda, lets them play with her makeup, stilettos, and curlers. Better yet, she also lets them stay up late to watch TV shows targeted at teenagers:
Gossip Girl, Pretty Little Liars, One Tree Hill.
In that last show, Belly finds an out. “I like Nathan Scott,” she says. “And you like Julian Baker.”
Taylor rolls her eyes. “Not
those
crushes. Real ones.”
“I don’t have one,” she says, but her face gives her away. Her big, loud heart leaves her cheeks pink.
“Liar,” Taylor teases. “Come on, what’s his name? I won’t make fun of you, I promise. Not even if he’s a geek.”
Belly’s skin grows even hotter at the assumption. “He’s
not
a geek,” she protests, offended.
If the polished yet rotten world of private school has taught her anything, it’s that no one wants to be
a geek,
not because it’s a bad thing, but because it means people won’t sit next to you at lunch. She wants to protect him from that fate, even if it’s just an illusion in her childish imagination. If he went to her school, she’d eat lunch with him every day, give him the mini carrots her mom always packs, even though she hates them. Maybe he’d share his Lunchable. She’s never had one ever. Her parents call it junk.
Gripping the nail polish bottle, she says, “He’s sweet.”
“Oh, you
do
have a crush!” Taylor squeals, triumphant.
“Sssh!” Belly looks over her shoulder, even though he is nowhere near enough to overhear them. In her mind, he’s ever-present. “Not so loud.”
“Okay,” Taylor giggles. “So… who is it?”
Belly hesitates, biting her lip. Despite her efforts, she can’t hold his name on her tongue; she has to let it go, like a breath that blows out birthday candles. “Conrad.”
Her heart is strong, but it shudders, spilling the secret that’s been weighing on it. Steven, who’s going through a morbid phase mainly to scare her, tells her that this is how you drown— when something heavy drags you down, making it impossible for you to come up for air. Admitting this crush is a huge relief despite how vulnerable it makes her. Thus, she tells Taylor about Conrad. Everything she reveres about him. She doesn’t mention his thrifted shoes or the small bedroom he shares with Jeremiah because it doesn’t matter to her. It’s not even a thought in her mind.
“Does he like you back?”
This
matters to her. Matters so intensely that she can barely stand it at times. Feeling small, she looks at her nails that Taylor has painted for her and wonders, however briefly, if Conrad would like them or find them too girly. Steven, for one, hates all things girly.
“I dunno. Maybe,” she mumbles at last. “How should I know?”
Rolling onto her back, Taylor sighs. “Does he compliment you?”
“Yeah,” Belly says, relieved that she can affirm it. “He says I’m brave and cool and
brilliant
.”
“Huh. Has he ever called you pretty?”
This makes Belly frown. For a moment, she’s tempted to question why this is even important, but then figures she shouldn’t. Hayley Scott is pretty. So are Blair Waldorf, Aria Montgomery, Spencer Hastings, Emily Fields, and Hanna Marin. Pretty is just a good thing to be.
“No,” Belly admits, her heart clenching painfully.
“You should ask him if he thinks you are the next time you see him.”
The thought of that alone is enough to make her cringe and shake her head. Asking Conrad if he thinks she’s pretty will expose her crush immediately. As much as she wants him to like her back, the possibility of his rejection is too painful to bear. The worst image her young mind can conjure is of him running away from her, contempt written all over his face. She’ll keep this secret locked inside her forever, bury it somewhere in Cousins, if it means protecting what is already so precious to her.
The thing about secrets like that, though, the ones that dig themselves so deeply inside your heart and soul, is that they start to eat you alive if they’re ignored. In the rest of the days leading up to Cousins, Belly starts her own book of
Firsts,
sealed with a lock and key. These are the firsts that she hopes will also be Conrad’s:
First date, first dance, first kiss
. Her three genie wishes. She doesn’t dare ask for more. It’d be asking for too much. Perhaps, she’s already toeing the line.
In the past six years, Belly has spent most of her time with Conrad at the peach orchard. She prefers Steven not being around to interfere with something so sacred. But this summer will turn out to be different, in more ways than one.
The day of their arrival, Belly rushes upstairs to her bedroom and starts to unpack her bag: four one-piece swimsuits, goggles, a pink bicycle helmet, and a well-loved copy of
The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe
that Conrad gave her to read just before she left last summer (her favorite part is his doodles and funny notes in the margins, things like:
Really, Edmund? Turkish delight? What is that and why is it worth more than your siblings?).
Downstairs, her mother’s phone rings. Belly is used to hearing that sound at their city apartment, so much so that it’s become a form of white noise. Now that it’s bouncing off the beach house walls, it’s jarring enough to catch her attention. To her, the nightmare scenario would be an unforeseen work issue sending them back to Philly, 378 miles away from Conrad. Her heart shivers at the mere possibility but, after a minute, she realizes that the phone call isn’t work-related. Although she can’t discern any words, she notes that her mom’s tone is soft, which wouldn’t be the case if she were discussing business.
Later, when Belly has finished unpacking, she goes to the kitchen in search of a snack. Her mom is at the stove, staring blankly at the mist rising from a pot of boiling broth.
“Mom?”
Laurel startles. “Honey. I didn’t see you there.”
“What’s wrong?” Belly asks. Ever since she was little, she’s absorbed every emotion in her surroundings, and the feeling that’s currently piercing her is sadness.
Despite this, Laurel smiles at her. “Nothing. I’m about to cook dinner. Do you wanna help?”
Belly hesitates, only because she’s never heard this question before, not in Philly and not in Cousins. This change is enough to make her curious, so she nods.
For the following hour, Belly is focused on learning to fold Mandu, Korean dumplings with delicious pork filling. It takes a minute to master the technique, but her mom is (unusually) patient. At her first successful attempt, Laurel smiles proudly. Then, out of nowhere, she says, “Conrad and Jeremiah are visiting tomorrow.”
Belly loses her grip on the soft dough, dropping the dumpling. “They’re coming
here
?”
“Why is that a problem?”
“It’s no problem,” she lies, unconvincing as ever. “We’re just always at the orchard.”
At first, Laurel only sighs, so Belly starts the mental process of begrudingly accepting that she won’t get an explanation. After a minute, however, it comes, “Susannah’s sick, baby. She needs rest.”
“Oh,” Belly says. “Okay.”
And that’s the end of that conversation. For now.
When Laurel said that Susannah was sick, Belly’s mind filled in the blanks, jumping to its own conclusion. She thought it was a simple cold. But by day seven, Conrad and Jeremiah are still showing up at the beach house. No one mentions a cold. The biggest reason for Belly’s growing scepticism, however, is how weirdly Conrad is acting. When she tells him about finishing
The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe,
he asks if she liked it. That’s it. No animated speech about the best parts, no questions about her favorite characters, no imagined scenario about what
they’d
do if they were the heroes of the story.
Weird. He’s being weird.
Except, it’s not just that. Now that the Fisher brothers are hanging out at the beach house, their attention is fixed on Steven, a fellow boy who never thinks his annoying little sister should be a part of anything. Today, he’s the first person at the door once the doorbell rings, and—before Belly’s even made it downstairs—he’s roped them into gaming on his PlayStation.
Belly suppresses a frown, spotting a controller in Conrad’s hands. He looks equally lost and transfixed, running his thumb over the buttons.
“Have you guys played this game before?” Steven asks. “It’s called
Star Wars: Battlefront.
”
“I’ve seen Star Wars,” Conrad mutters so quietly that no one except Belly, who is hyper-attuned to him, catches it.
“Our console broke,” Jeremiah replies.
“Oh, that’s too bad,” Steven tells him. “You can come here and play anytime you want.”
During this short exchange, Belly looks at Conrad and sees his brow furrow as he stares at Jeremiah. His confusion is no big mystery to her. She’s been at their house enough times over the years to know that they’ve never owned a gaming console. They have a TV and a DVD player.
Conrad doesn’t bother correcting his brother, so Belly doesn’t do it, either. Instead, she touches his shoulder and asks, “Are you gonna play?”
He looks at her, who’s already dressed for the beach, at the controller in his hand, and then back at her. “I… Is—is it okay?”
Steven blows a raspberry. “Don’t mind Belly, Conrad. She thinks video games are boring.”
She does.
“No, I don’t!” she shouts, heat rising to her face. “You just never let me play.”
That
is
true. Everyone knows that exclusion, whenever possible, is a universal law that all older brothers must follow regarding their sisters.
“Boo-hoo. Whatever,” Steven says dismissively, strengthening Belly’s desire to tell on him. But that would be immature, and she doesn’t want Conrad to view her that way. With this in mind, she forces a smile and says, “It’s okay. I’ll be at the beach if you get bored.”
Despite all of her prayers, Conrad
doesn’t
get bored. She spends the afternoon swimming by herself and wonders if she should get used to it. Her chest is so heavy, her heart a stone; it’s a bit surprising that she can still float. If Taylor were here, she would probably say that Belly’s overreacting.
It’s one afternoon, Cinderbelly. That’s all. One afternoon won’t ruin your magical summer. Relax.
When she returns to the house, she finds out that Conrad and Jeremiah are staying for dinner. She realizes as she enters the kitchen and sees Conrad by her mom’s side at the kitchen sink, peeling carrots. Belly sits down on one of the barstools at the opposite side of the counter and rests her face in her hands.
Smiling at Conrad, she asks, “What are you making?”
“Spaghetti bolognese,” he tells her. “I help my… I help make it all the time, so I know what I’m doing.”
She catches his little stutter. Interpreting it as a bout of insecurity, she mindlessly gushes, “Of course you do. You’re good at everything.”
His eyebrows shoot up, and he stops peeling. A few feet away, at the kitchen table, Steven and Jeremiah make over-the-top kissy sounds. Laurel shushes them immediately, but it’s still too late; heat has crept into Belly’s cheeks. She wants to crawl under the floorboards and stay there forever. She wants to scream at the top of her lungs. In the end, she does neither.
“I’m not,” Conrad tells her earnestly, though he’s not meeting her eyes. A tense moment passes before he adds, “Today, I found out that I’m pretty bad at video games.”
They exchange soft smiles. Even though the moment is short-lived, broken once Conrad turns his attention back to the carrots, Belly clings to it.
After dinner, Belly expects a goodbye that doesn’t come. Tonight, they’re staying over. These last few days, her mom’s been dropping the boys off at the orchard, which is odd, too. Why wouldn’t Susannah come pick them up herself? That question scares her because it demystifies the situation further: Something must be really wrong; Susannah must be
really
sick. The thought starts a raging flow of nausea in her gut, killing the excitement she feels at the idea of her
first sleepover
with Conrad.
He’s staying in her room, only because her mom can’t deal with the potential chaos of having three pre-teen boys in the same space all night. They make up a mattress for him on the floor by the right side of her bed. Just like when she told him about the book, he’s uncharacteristically quiet. Now that Belly’s put some of it together, she’s finding it hard to ignore. His sadness, which she absorbs like a sponge, makes an ocean between them.
“I’m sorry about your mom,” Belly says at the same time as Conrad says, “I remembered a flashlight.”
For several long seconds, they just stare at each other.
Then Conrad whispers, his voice a frail shell of itself, “What?”
Looking down, Belly pulls at a loose string on her floral pajamas. “I’m… I’m sorry that she’s not doing well right now.”
“How do you know that?” he asks, too sharply, as if she’s
threatening
him somehow.
Taken aback by his hostility, Belly gawks. “Mom told me about it a few days ago.”
Conrad turns away from her, staring at the darkened window opposite her bed. Fleetingly, it looks as if he’s tempted to escape through it. But he stays put. The silence stretches and is thickened by Steven and Jeremiah’s unintelligible whispers that can be heard through the wall.
Eventually, Conrad asks, “What’d she tell you?”
Belly hates how small he sounds.
“O-only that she’s sick and needs rest.”
When she doesn’t receive an answer, panic starts to brew in her chest. If it were something harmless, something easily battled, he wouldn’t be so tight-lipped about it. After all, this is the same Conrad who once spent an hour enthusiastically telling her about how the cells of the human body are warriors, fighting off bacteria and disease. How miraculous it is.
Willing herself to believe that, just as she used to believe that eating carrots would give her X-ray vision (he told her this when she was five), Belly says, “I’m sure she’ll be all right. Her immune system fighters will protect her. Just like you said. It’s going to be fine, I know it.”
Conrad releases a ragged breath, turning on his flashlight. The golden beam illuminates the brittle smile on his face, and she can’t decide if it comforts her or not. Still, she offers him a smile of her own, changing the subject, “I’m not scared of the dark anymore. You know that, right?”
“Of course. You put that fear to bed two years ago, after the fireflies.”
“There’s a bit of light everywhere. You just have to find it,” she says, quoting him again.
Maybe she should be embarrassed, but it’s impossible when his smile widens, reaching his eyes. Relief floods her chest with warmth.
“That’s right,” Conrad muses, his gaze locked on hers. For an instant, she sees the fireflies, trapped in his irises. “Goodnight, Belly.”
Perhaps the damndest thing about secrets is that people create them to protect others or themselves from uncomfortable truths. Belly doesn’t find out about Susannah’s
cancer
until the following spring, when the trees blossom, renewing their beauty and life as if it is the easiest thing in the world. Going by the way her mother sits her down on the couch to tell her about it, you’d think beating cervical cancer was a walk in the park. It’s not. It’s a walk on scorching coals. This is yet another cruel truth that Belly won’t face until years later, when history rebounds like a cracking whip and strikes once again.
If the people of Cousins Beach were all part of her fairytale, then their secrets were wolves in sheep’s clothing, twisted beasts who feign harmlessness. At some point, Belly will wake up and decide that she’s sick and tired of being treated like a porcelain doll. When she does, God help them all. She’ll break their illusion until it lies shattered, in a thousand pieces, on the floor. And it’ll be the greatest thrill she’s ever felt… second only to
him.
Pretty, she will realize, is the last thing she wants to be.
//
After his mother enters remission, 13-year-old Conrad Fisher starts his first job. Or
jobs,
plural. He mows lawns, removes weeds from driveways, washes already-shiny cars until they’re shinier, and cleans swimming pools. That last task is his favorite, only because it reminds him, however briefly, of the time he spent with Belly last summer. The day after she comforted him about his mom, he woke her up at dawn and challenged her to a race in the pool. It was half an apology for snapping at her, half an apology for abandoning her to play a silly video game. He felt guilty for being swept up in the alluring shine of it. Even though it
was
fun, it didn’t make him smile the way she always does.
When she popped out of the water in front of him, beaming from her victory, Conrad thought—for the first time in their six-year-long friendship—that she looked
pretty
. He held onto the word for a second, tasting it on his tongue, even as it burned like a piece of sun-hot glass. Then he kicked it into the bottomless pit of his heart.
“Pretty,” Conrad mumbles to himself, dragging the net through the pool and catching the last few oak leaves. Now,
these
are pretty. Intricate and dainty. Easily discarded.
That is
not
what Belly Conklin is to him.
“Hey, kid!” someone shouts behind him, making him jump. Looking over his shoulder, he meets the impatient look of a graying white man in a white polo shirt and cargo shorts. “Are you about finished? Don’t think you can earn a few extra bucks by lazing around all afternoon.”
Conrad winces, his mouth twisting sourly. Still, he makes himself say the words, “Sorry, sir. I’m done here. Unless… It’s not good enough.”
Stepping forward to the edge of the pool, the man squints, looking at the crystal clear water as if he’s expecting, or hoping, that something horrific will surface at any second. When nothing does, he plasters on a forced smile. Conrad can always tell when these people are insincere because their whitened teeth start to look shark-like.
“It’ll do,” the man tells him, reaching out for a handshake.
Swallowing his pride, Conrad accepts it. He hates this part, and it’s not just because of the phony solidarity; it’s because he’s ashamed of his hands. The nails are frayed, the knuckles hardened like an old man’s, and the blister between his thumb and forefinger is turning into a nasty scab. The only thing that makes it stomachable is walking away with a twenty-dollar bill. It’s shit pay for three hours of hard work, he knows this, but holding the money makes him feel a little less pathetic.
Not
all
of his clients act like this man. You better believe it, the spectrum of rich entitlement in Cousins Beach is quite broad. Conrad has mapped it by the way people look at him. Some of them, mostly married women with kids of their own, gaze at him with pity. Others look impressed, nodding approvingly at him every time they pass him in the yard (still, they feel the need to observe him like a zoo animal; he’s noticed this, he’s not stupid.). Lastly, there are the unapologetic assholes, which come in a variety of shapes and sizes: some who snap at him, some who scrutinize his work and demand he redo it, and some who refuse to pay him if they’re not satisfied. At the end of the day, however, Conrad always walks away with money. He has to.
After working at three houses, his wage amounts to sixty dollars. At home, he leaves one half in a jar above the fridge— their emergency fund— and keeps the other half, stuffing it in the R2-D2 piggy bank that his mom gave him for his birthday last year. “
For your savings,
” she said, ruffling his hair.
When he started working, she accepted it on this one condition: that he’d use the money for treats, drive-in movie tickets, and toys; things they had to stop buying because of deductibles and copays. This agreement lasted about a month. Conrad soon realized that the cotton candy he bought at the boardwalk was rather tasteless, since he knew that things might come crashing down again at any moment. It wouldn’t take much— a leak in the roof, a flat tire, a dentist appointment...
No need to invite cavities into his life.
What
is
worth collecting funds for, however, is freedom. In just three years, he’ll be old enough to obtain a driver’s license, and he’ll need one if he wants to entertain the idea of leaving this place for good. Counting the bills as though they might disappear at any moment, Conrad allows his mind to wander into dangerous territory yet again: if he were to escape, who would he bring with him?
The answer: His mom, Jere… and Belly Conklin.
That summer, he doesn’t spend as much time with her as he wants to. His odd jobs steal away his afternoon hours. By the third week, he can tell that it upsets her. She wants to go swimming, but a BMW is waiting for him further down the street. Waiting to be scrubbed clean of invisible dirt. He can’t linger on that thought for too long, as it’ll make his blood boil.
“Can’t they clean it themselves?” Belly asks, a valid question that Conrad has posed internally many, many times.
“They don’t want to,” Conrad tells her, refusing to sugarcoat it. At the back of his mind, a menacing voice whispers, ‘
Be grateful. If they weren’t so lazy, you wouldn’t make any money.’
“That’s bullshit,” she says, with feeling. It’s the first time he’s heard her curse.
He can’t fight the grin that spreads across his face. “You’re right.”
Putting down her beach ball, Belly lights up. “Can I come with you? I can help.”
As sweet as the offer is, it stresses Conrad out for a multitude of reasons, one being that Laurel would have a (justifiable) fit if her daughter started labouring in the summer heat; another being that he despises the idea of her seeing him like a squashed bug under a big man’s shoe, hiccuping, ‘
yes, sir’
and ‘
thank you, ma’am.’
It’s degrading.
“That’s nice of you, but…” Conrad runs a hand through his hair, choosing his next words carefully. “I don’t think your parents would be very happy with that.”
Ever a defiant soul, Belly frowns. “So what?”
“I don’t want to get you in trouble.” When she opens her mouth to protest further, he opts for another tactic, “How about this? When I finish, I’ll go home and ask my mom if you guys can come over for dinner.”
Belly looks strangely torn. “... All of us?”
This question confuses him. Smiling, he replies, “I don’t want Steven or your mom to starve. Do you?”
“Of course not,” Belly murmurs, then sighs, “Sure, okay. I’ll see you later?”
“Yeah. See you later.”
As he walks away, Conrad throws a last look over his shoulder at her, and it’s an image that’ll burn itself into his memory: Belly, looking west, her skin painted by the mellow tangerine sun as wisps of dark hair dance around her face— daylight and shadow meeting.
Pretty
? No, she isn’t. Not to him. To him, she is a wonder.
That evening, persuasion is barely needed. Born to host, Susannah thinks a dinner party is an amazing idea. Several months into her recovery, she’s regained her energy, and she uses it well, whipping up a feast: a salmon she bargained for at the farmer’s market, roasted potatoes, and creamy lemon sauce. For dessert, she serves her signature peach cobbler, accompanied by a side of vanilla ice cream. It’s the best meal Conrad’s had since Christmas.
His heart swells when he sees Belly reach for a second portion of the cobbler, mouthing,
‘That’s my favorite, too,’
and he doesn’t miss the way her cheeks pinken.
After the meal, Conrad and Jeremiah clear the table, as they do every night, but when they grab dish towels to help dry the plates and silverware, Susannah shakes her head and ushers them to the couch. “Go put on a movie, boys. Don’t keep our guests waiting.”
Conrad is (guiltily) relieved to bypass the chore, if only because his hands have seen enough soapy water for today.
The Fisher family has accumulated an impressive collection of DVDs over the years, buying them in batches at garage sales. The best part of that is coming home and sorting through them, picking out the little treasures among the trash. Jeremiah loves everything action or comedy-driven, while Conrad prefers mysteries.
But they’re not the ones picking the movie tonight.
Laurel pulls a case out from the shelf and turns around to announce, “
It Happened One Night
! I haven’t seen this in years.”
Susannah beams at her. “Oh, I
love
that one. Connie Baby, can you put it on?”
Conrad has never seen it. Judging by the cover, it’s an old movie, shot on black and white film. As his young mind is rather partial to new blockbusters, he doubts that he’ll enjoy it, but he doesn’t mind… because it’s what his mom wants.
To his surprise, the movie is quite good. While watching, Conrad finds himself relating to Peter Warne more than he wants to admit. He glances at Belly— also more than he wants to admit— and wonders if she sees herself in Ellie.
Once the credits roll, she boldly asks if she can sleep over. Her parents seem reluctant at first, but when Susannah doesn’t object, they don’t either. So, that night, Belly brushes her teeth with a spare toothbrush in their bathroom cabinet, slips into Conrad’s old planetary pajamas, and sleeps on their living room couch.
In the middle of the night, Conrad wakes up to go to the bathroom and can’t resist checking on her. Even though she’s sound asleep, he leaves the beacon of his trusted flashlight on the ground next to her. As he returns to his room, he hopes the light doesn’t go out.
The Conklin-Fisher dinner parties become an unexpected tradition that stretch across several summers. The Belly-Conrad sleepovers, on the other hand, end when she turns thirteen. Conrad doesn’t need to ask why Laurel puts her foot down at that point. Even though she hugs him every time he comes over, even though she solves crossword puzzles with him, even though she cups his cheek, she does it all in a way that says, ‘
If you even think about it, I will maim you.’
Conrad hasn’t thought about
it.
Not yet. The summer Belly turns thirteen, he’s debating whether he wants to risk blowing up their precious friendship by asking her on a date. He practices the speech, over and over, in his head.
Hey, Belly, I think we should see where this thing goes.
No. Screw that. Too casual.
Hey, Belly, I really like you. I’ve saved up some money to win that stuffed polar bear you’ve been eyeing at the boardwalk. Let’s go.
No. Too eager, too intense.
Hey, Belly, you’re the only girl I’ve ever wanted to be with.
This option is the most honest, but it also sounds like he’s setting a trap. For both of them.
Conrad Fisher spends his days yanking dying dandelions, full of unspoken wishes, out of other people’s yards. Every day, he turns his growing frustration into force—a dangerous habit, though he doesn’t realize it yet. The work makes sweat bead on his brow and course down his back; it makes his fingernails bleed and turns his skin raw as sandpaper. Still, he never cries.
The last time he did was two years ago, at thirteen, when he broke his arm falling off a ladder he should’ve never mounted in the first place. He cried, not because of the pain, but because the married couple in the villa called an ambulance he knew his mom couldn’t afford. When the EMTs asked why he was
playing
on the roof, Conrad lied and said he wanted to see the world.
He aches and yearns for the youthful naivety that will never be his again.
Wiping his brow with the back of his hand, he turns his face to the brutal sun, his back sore as if he’s the one carrying it.
Tomorrow,
he thinks,
and tomorrow, and tomorrow,
his mind Shakespearean as it drifts to Belly again. Though he knows he should find willpower elsewhere, most days the thought of her is the only thing that makes this work bearable. ‘Tomorrow,’ he mouths to the wind, ‘she’ll be here.’
Conrad imagines her, evergolden like the wild hope he’s tethered to his heart.
//
Thirteen-year-old Belly Conklin is equally anxious about seeing Conrad, though for slightly different reasons. In the fall, as the leaves turned brown and muddy on the ground, an optician prescribed glasses for her. Once she’d swallowed that change, big as an elephant, to an insecure teenage girl, the dentist told her that she needed braces.
If there’s one message that Belly has taken away from watching all of those teen shows at Taylor’s place, it’s that girls with glasses and braces are in desperate need of a glow-up
.
A makeover, like the one Mona Vanderwall had, which made her worthy of a second glance. This is, of course, rancid bullshit, as any sane person would be able to tell her.
Taylor tries. “Belly, you don’t even look that different. He might even think the pink specs look chic on you.”
“Doubtful,” Belly mutters, staring at herself in the mirror. “Do you think there’s any chance of convincing my mom to buy contacts for me in the next—” she looks at her phone. “—11 hours?”
Smiling, Taylor deadpans, “Doubtful.” Then, as she rubs Belly’s back in encouragement, she adds, “Come on, it’s not the end of the world. And let me tell you, if this makes him see you differently, he can go fuck himself.”
“Tay!” Belly gasps, offended on Conrad’s behalf.
“What? It’s true. When a guy really likes a girl, stuff like this doesn’t matter. A true romantic will fall at your feet even if you’re wearing a nasty old trashbag and you haven’t washed your hair in two weeks.”
The visual pulls a chuckle out of Belly. “Maybe I should try that. It’ll be a nice test.”
At this comment, Taylor raises an eyebrow. “You’re still not sure if the crush is mutual? After all these years?”
No, she’s not sure. In every movie she’s seen, in every book she’s read, no lovestruck person is ever certain that they’re on solid ground. The heart is a fragile thing. Sometimes, she’s so insecure that she can’t believe he’d ever share her feelings, not even if she were the only girl in the world. It’s Conrad. She’s known him for as long as she can remember, but she can sense that he doesn’t belong to her. This has been obvious to her since Susannah became ill. Something in him shifted away from her, never to return.
“I don’t know,” Belly sighs at last, fiddling with her French braid. “It’s just… It’s hard to tell what he’s feeling.”
“Then kiss him.”
“Ugh,” Belly groans, covering her face with her hands. “You don’t get it.”
“What don’t I get?”
“He’s my best friend!”
Grabbing her by the shoulders, Taylor gives her a firm shake. “No,
I’m
your best friend. You want his tongue in your mouth. Trust me, Conrad Fisher and I are
not
the same.”
As heat rises to her cheeks, Belly tries to save face by muttering, “Ew, gross,” at the tacky description of kissing, but it doesn’t actually offend or disgust her. Not anymore. For years, whenever she has pictured her first kiss with Conrad, it’s been sweet, chaste. In most of these fantasies, they were sitting beneath a peach tree, hidden away in the orchard. A secret.
Now, she stares at her reflection, the glasses, the braces, the fresh pimple above her right eyebrow. Despite all of this awkwardness— or perhaps because of it—she’d prefer if he kissed her in the open, in front of the whole world. She’d prefer if he were loud about it, a bit wild about it… a bit wild about
her.
Conrad comes to the beach house just five minutes after their arrival the next day. To Belly’s utter surprise, he’s wearing
glasses.
Thin, round ones that suit his gentle eyes. As he steps up to her side of the car to help manage her suitcase, she can’t help but lean in and catch the scent of him. A hint of sweat breaks through the lemon-scented soap he’s used for years. It makes her shiver. He’s tucked his wet hair beneath a burgundy baseball cap, and she resents that. She wants to see the smooth locks. Even stronger is the desire to run her fingers through them.
Conrad catches her staring and clears his throat, placing her suitcase on the ground. “Anything else, miss?”
Mostly to hide her blush, Belly throws her arms around his neck, embracing him. “Don’t ever,” she whispers in his ear, “call me that again.”
Although her tone is light and playful, there’s an edge of a real plea to it. She doesn’t even know what lies beneath it herself, so it’s no surprise when Conrad pulls back to stare at her, his brow furrowed. “I was just joking,” he tells her, poking the rim of her glasses. “I like these on you.”
“Yeah?” Belly laughs nervously. Channeling Taylor, she continues, “Are they chic?”
The corners of his eyes crinkle. “Very. Maybe you should help me choose my next pair.”
Her heart flutters. Is this flirting? Why would he be flirting with her? How should she respond? In the end, she gives up on answering any of these questions and follows him inside instead. He helps her put the fitted sheet on her mattress and watches her unpack, chatting the whole time—about high school, about Jere, about Susannah teaching him ballroom dances.
She giggles at that image, an involuntary and mortifying sound.
Conrad looks at his feet. “Yeah, um, I know it’s lame.”
“No,” Belly blurts. “Not at all.”
“Oh.”
Silence descends in the room like the first drop of water in a hurricane. They are standing far apart, but it doesn’t feel that way. Belly isn’t sure if she’s going mad or if she can
actually
hear his heartbeat against her ear, loud and steady. His eyes attract hers, magnetic. Flustered, she squeezes the red one-piece swimsuit she’s holding.
Conrad’s lips part around the words, “Do you—?”
A knock cuts him off. Their heads whip around to find Steven in the doorway, glancing between them. Belly could
murder
him, especially as he grins knowingly at her. “Have you seen my goggles, sis?”
“No, asshat. I haven’t seen your goggles,” she snaps. “Go away.”
“Damn, sorry. Guess I wasn’t invited to your secret club meeting.”
As far as Steven’s snide comments are concerned, this one is tame, and Belly’s smart enough to catch the underlying hurt that it carries. It surprises her. Maybe it shouldn’t. Once, she heard him call Conrad
the coolest person in the world,
as if he were a character in a Liam Neeson movie. Over the years, the two of them have bonded over their shared love of football,
Lord of the Rings,
and chess.
Belly is speechless. To her relief, Conrad knows how to break the tension. “So,” he says, a boyish grin stretching across his face. “Where do you think we should hold our
next
meeting? I was thinking the boardwalk?”
Belly’s breath hitches. Still, she manages to keep her cool. “Sounds great. When?”
“Tomorrow? At noon?”
“Yeah,” she says, her voice rough. “That works for me.”
Belly spends the entire evening and night picturing what she thinks will be their
first date
the next day. She thinks about how perfect it will be at the boardwalk, the place where they first met; how there are endless things they can do together there. They’ve always bonded over their mutual competitiveness, racing on the beach or in her pool. She wonders if he’ll kiss her and how on earth that is going to feel with her braces. She ponders over and worries about their date, beating it to death, unwittingly dooming it to fail.
In the morning, she puts on her favorite dress (a pink knee-length one that reminds her of blooming peach trees), does a classic French braid, and debates whether she should steal some lip gloss from her mother’s toiletry bag in the bathroom. Except, Laurel will kill her if she catches her wearing that, and she’d prefer to be alive today.
She shows up at the boardwalk way too early and expects that she’ll have to wait for Conrad. But, to her surprise, she finds him by the carousel.
“Hey,” she says, trying to control her grin.
At the sight of her, he straightens and takes off his blue cap to fix his hair, only to put it back on again. Sometimes, she really wishes he’d toss those hats on a bonfire and let them burn. His hair is too beautiful to hide, just as his eyes.
“Hi, Belly,” he greets her, a sweet smile playing on his lips. Effortlessly, he makes a call back to their conversation the previous afternoon. “Welcome to the meeting.”
Somehow, this makes her relax. It’s easy to banter with him. “Thanks. I think I know what we should discuss first,” she says, making his head snap up. “The issue of your glasses. We’ve already discussed mine.”
Conrad’s lips part in apparent surprise. “Well, um. It’s… My eyes have started to strain when I’m reading. When I’m focusing. It hurts, so I wear these to prevent that.”
“Oh, that sucks. Do you have any idea why?”
A seagull scavenges for human leftovers in a nearby bin. Looking at that scene rather than her, he explains, “Too much time working in the sun without shades,” then adds an afterthought, “And genetics.”
Their conversations are so natural, as are their silences. They walk side-by-side, stopping only for a caramel apple. He buys it for her, nothing for himself. Conrad’s not a huge fan of sweets; she knows this, and yet it still saddens her a bit.
Everything about him is extraordinary. The boys at her school are obnoxious, making it impossible to like them. A few months ago, she had to work with Oliver Rhett for a biology assignment, and he didn’t speak to her at all. He only stared, making her uncomfortable (when
Conrad
stares at her, she doesn’t notice because that, too, feels natural, like the sun on her skin).
“All right,” he says, leaning in closer. “Now that we’ve got that part of the agenda out of the way, I propose the following.”
They have stopped in front of a game stall, the one where you throw small rings at bottleheads in hopes of winning stuffed animals. As always, Belly’s eyes gravitate toward the polar bear with a striped scarf and sunglasses. After a moment, they drift to follow Conrad’s line of vision. The stall-keeper is a
pretty
red-haired girl about his age, perhaps slightly older. She looks…
mature.
The name tag on her shirt reads
Angie.
Her foolish heart sinks.
“Hey, let’s play this,” he suggests, paying for two sets of rings that give them each five attempts to win. Belly tries to play along, but she can’t focus. All that she can think about is this girl and the fact that she lives here, in Cousins, with Conrad. While she’s been away, he’s had months to learn everything about Angie, to fall in love with her.
(Of course, Conrad
hasn’t
had the time for this. He’s been busting his ass, saving up for his driver’s license and learner’s permit. For this date, too. But Belly doesn’t know that. Because he hasn’t told her.)
After she’s thrown the last of her rings way off the mark, Belly steps back and announces, “I think I wanna try the Ferris Wheel. You can stay here, it’s fine.”
Conrad looks at her, confusion written all over his face. “Oh. Okay. You’ll come back after?”
“Sure,” she says, her voice flat, as it always is when she’s close to tears.
Belly doesn’t come back; he finds her, questioning where she was. Trying and failing to mask her sadness, she mutters some lie about the line for the Ferris Wheel, which she didn’t even ride. Wordlessly, Conrad shows her what he’s carrying: one of those precious polar bears.
For her.
“I wanted the giraffe, but thanks,” she lies to lock the prince out of her heart, willing it to be a fortress for once.
It’s not. It never will be.
Nevertheless, their disastrous date ruins her mood for two whole days. Conrad stays away from the beach house, and she doesn’t go to the orchard. It makes her believe, in her darkest hour, that they will never work out. She’s too young for him, too immature. He’s in
high school,
for God’s sake, and she’s this little kid who still likes stuffed animals and caramel apples.
On day three, she comes to her senses, all because she misses him. She longs for his laugh, his bright eyes, the tiny freckles on the bridge of his nose. When she reaches her breaking point, unable to stand it any longer, she stuffs the polar bear in her bike basket and rides to the orchard. By now, she knows the route by heart.
When she arrives, Conrad is the first thing she sees. He’s standing at the right edge of the orchard, reaching for a ripe peach to put in a crate. Shirtless, he’s facing the sun, squinting in concentration. Remembering what he said yesterday, she has a silly yet wholesome idea.
Sneaking up on him is pointless; she should’ve known. He turns around as soon as she starts approaching him, as though he senses her presence. “Belly.”
“You’re gonna end up blind like that,” she tells him, choosing to ignore his apprehensive stance. “Not on my watch, Connie.”
Standing on her tiptoes, she places the polar bear’s sunglasses on his nose. To her surprise, they’re a perfect fit. Conrad must share that feeling because he takes them off and stares at them in wonder. Then he cracks a smile worth dying for.
“Thank you,” he says. “I’ll treasure these.”
Her heart swells affectionately, which makes it easier to push the next words past her lips, “I’m sorry. For how I acted yesterday.” This next part is even more difficult. “I know you must’ve spent a lot of money trying to win that bear for me.”
At the word
money,
Conrad tenses. “Don’t worry about it.”
See, that’s the issue. Isabel Conklin has never had to worry about money. She has never had to weigh the cost of anything and decide whether it will be worth it. She’s never taken a chance on something that could do her more harm than good. But, somewhere deep down, she knows that Conrad has done that. For her. And that he will do it again.
Sighing, she abandons the topic in an effort not to upset him. With her head, she gestures toward the bear in her bike basket. “I’ve named him
Junior Mint.
”
About an hour later, after Conrad finishes his work at the orchard, Junior Mint becomes the sole witness to one of their firsts. Seated at the old coffee table, he watches them curiously as they stumble their way through a Carolina Shag in Susannah’s living room. Laughing. Holding hands. Circling each other like a pair of butterflies. It leaves Belly’s heart humming.
Back at the beach house, she takes out her secret book of
Firsts
and writes the important updates:
First date?
Imperfect, disappointing. Probably needs a do-over.
First dance?
Wondrous.
Now, there’s only one last wish for the genie to fulfill. She’ll wait for it. As long as it takes.
It will take another two years until that wish comes true. In the meantime, Belly matures, ripening as a fruit in the summer heat. She goes looking for change, no longer content with waiting for some magical spell to start her transformation. There’s no such thing as a fairy godmother. There is only the hurricane within. It spins her into action on the volleyball pitch and, even more significantly, her local community. Although her childhood dream of being a zookeeper is long-abandoned, she dusts it off—just a little—and starts volunteering at the local animal shelter.
This sort of work, the kind that builds character rather than livelihood, is yet another porcelain doll privilege. A heroine’s journey, paved with roses. But those flowers have thorns that she can’t avoid forever. The pain that she’ll endure will start the most crucial part of her transformation. Until then, she’ll busy herself with bridging the gap between girlhood and womanhood. At some point, in between two consecutive summers, she starts to think about sex. A prince wouldn’t do the things he does to her in her mind, so she releases him from the archetype. At least, she thinks she does.
Far away, in Cousins, Conrad tries to hold onto it by his calloused fingertips. Working with his hands all day, digging through dirt, only makes him want to put them to better use. He squeezes a sponge, wishing it were her thigh. He pulls at weeds, his teeth drawing blood from his bottom lip as he rails against his own needs.
He goes home, strokes himself in the shower, and manages not to think of her until he’s finished, panting, wrecked. She comes to him then, behind his closed eyelids, like the first brush of daylight that always wakes him up.
The next day, he quits yard work in pursuit of stability. Although he loathes the place with a burning passion, he signs up for lifeguarding at the country club. While there, his hands will be forced into stillness, into submission. Naively, he thinks this will train him for the restraint he’ll have to practice when she comes back.
(It doesn’t.)
//
They’ve been at the beach house for no more than a week when Laurel imposes a blanket ban on Conrad entering her bedroom. This makes no sense to Belly. Despite her growing desires, her insecurities are stronger. To her, this is just as ridiculous as trying to ban dogs from voting in the upcoming election. Why put so much work into preventing something that is never going to happen? She makes this case, convinced it’s solid. Conrad sees her as his friend. If there was more to his heart, he would’ve shown it to her. He would’ve asked her out again, danced with her again. Instead, he spent most of his days last summer working. It must have paid off because he drives a
car
now.
She wants to claim the passenger seat. Those hands on the wheel.
“I know he’s your friend, bean, but even friendships can become too intense. You’re reaching that age where the smallest changes can do great damage. I’m just trying to protect your boundaries.”
You don’t know what my boundaries are,
is the first reply that comes to Belly’s mind, but— even as it runs through her head—it sounds like the last thing she should say. Instead, she focuses on defending Conrad, something that’s always been easy for her.
“What? You think he’s going to hurt me somehow? He wouldn’t.”
Usually, Laurel’s firm about the few rules she keeps for Belly: the curfew, the drugs-and- alcohol prohibition, the requirement that she focuses on school before anything else. There’s no softening her, no debate to be had. Now, her expression turns gentle, her eyes shining with some form of understanding— or recognition.
“I’m not saying he will,” she says calmly. “He’s a sweet young man, but there’s a lot on his plate. I’ve known him as long as you have. I’ve seen how much he takes upon himself, and it kills me a little inside. He might not be able to…”
Laurel doesn’t finish the sentence, which aggravates Belly beyond belief.
Stop treating me like I’m too fragile to handle the truth,
she thinks. It’s the first time she lets that thought linger in her mind for longer than a second. She rises from the couch, her eyes fixed on the unlit fireplace that’s asking, just as she is, for a little heat.
“I’m still gonna see him,” she says, uncompromising. “No matter what you think.”
And that’s the end of that conversation. For now.
That weekend, Belly visits the country club, not because she likes the place but because it’s where Conrad is these days. As always, she spots him immediately, sitting in a lifeguard tower overlooking the club’s swimming pools. It doesn’t surprise her that he was able to land this job. When he was twelve, he taught her how to perform CPR using one of her stuffed animals as a presentation dummy. He’s an impressive swimmer, much stronger than he looks. As she approaches the main pool, she stares at his bicep. It’s flexed, since he’s resting his chin on his knuckles.
“Bored on the job, huh?” she calls up to him.
His face lights up at the sight of her. “Bored as
fuck.
”
The cursing sends an unexpected thrill through her. Gathering herself, she leaves her towel on the sun lounger closest to the tower and peers up at him again. “Do you want me to pretend to drown so you can get off your ass and save me?”
Even from a considerable distance, she sees his jaw clench. It’s risky to flirt with him, as it might endanger his feelings—platonic though they are—toward her. But she thinks this line might as well be interpreted as their usual banter, so that gives her plausible deniability. She still wants to have fun, sue her.
His eyes glint in the sun. “I’ll think about it,” he says. “Let me see you swim first.”
Without protest, Belly leaps into the pool.
Conrad likes watching her do laps. She realized this last summer when he’d come to the beach house after nightfall and sit on the edge of the pool, watching her intently as she slid through the water. Overwhelmed by the weight of his gaze, she’d strike up a conversation about something trivial—volleyball tournaments, movies on her watchlist, random shower musings. Whenever she spilled those, she made it clear to him (“
This morning, in the shower, I thought about how—”
) and, in hindsight, she realizes that she pointed it out because she wanted him to imagine himself there, with her. How intimate is that? How insane?
Now, she swims for him in broad daylight, unfazed by his heavy gaze. She doesn’t try to be alluring because she’s quite certain that she would fail at it. Instead, she moves as she normally would, trying to ignore the other people around her. Dads, moms, preteens.
When she returns to him, Conrad grins. “Was your own pool not crowded enough?”
It’s moments like this that make her think he can read her mind. But then she realizes that this isn’t actually the case. If he knew her thoughts, especially her thoughts of
him,
he wouldn’t want to be near her at all.
The tightness in her chest makes her smile fall flat. “My pool doesn’t come with a lifeguard.”
Before he can answer, she takes off in the opposite direction. They don’t share another word until she comes back up, dripping wet and panting with exertion. One thing about Belly Conklin is that she never does anything half-heartedly.
Sitting in her lounger, she tries to relax, but it’s not long before she senses his eyes on her again. Her body begins to tingle from the attention, and she almost doesn’t want to look back. She wants to stay in the dark, where she can imagine him admiring her without having to face the truth.
“Belly?” he says.
“Yes, Conrad?”
“You’re shivering.”
When she realizes that he’s right, her eyes fly open. She reaches for her towel and starts drying the remaining water off her limbs. “It’s just the temp change. I’ll warm up in a bit.”
Little does he know…  she’s on fire.
Belly stays until his shift ends an hour later because he offers to drive her home, and she seriously wants that passenger seat. It’s the first time she’s been in his new car. Well, it’s not
new
— it’s an older Chevy Silverado. She likes that it’s red rather than some bland shade of gray. She likes that it has a big glove compartment. She likes that it already smells of him. Conrad doesn’t wear cologne. It’s that lemony soap and a hint of ocean salt that meets her nose as soon as she sits down.
“Nice, right?” he says, noticing her smile. “You can go anywhere in this thing.”
“Sounds promising.”
A beat of silence passes before he asks, “So where do you want me to take you?”
Her heart leaps, but she forces herself to remain cool. He isn’t flirting with her. He’s probably just being nice. “This summer?” she murmurs, and he nods earnestly at her. “I’ll think about it.”
At first, Conrad doesn’t take her very far. And then he does.
They return to the boardwalk and make up for the last time they spent the day there. It’s fun, competing with him, but it’ll never feel as good as being on his team. This becomes obvious to her one day when they find themselves in a heated game of laser tag, pitted against Steven and Jeremiah. The thing they promised when they were little kids is still true: they never leave each other behind, and it proves fruitful when they emerge victorious, gloating all the way back to the house.
The weekly Conklin-Fisher dinner parties remain a thing, too. Conrad lights up the barbecue when it’s held at the orchard and offers to peel vegetables when Laurel’s the one hosting. If he hadn’t been doing it since the age of twelve, Belly would be tempted to think that he’s buttering her up for something. But no, it’s just the way he is. Considerate, capable, completely irresistible.
One day, they decide to skip dinner in favor of going to the beach together, just the two of them. He drives her there, taking the long way around. By the time their toes meet the sand, the sun is setting, creating a peach explosion on the horizon. It’s arresting, spellbinding. Eventually, however, he breaks her out of it, tapping her shoulder. “Hey,” he says, “pretend I’m a sand crab.”
“What?” she says, surprised rather than confused by the call-back. The word has barely left her lips before Conrad sprints away, barrelling down the beach. Her heart a wild thing in her chest, she chases after him.
This time, she doesn’t stumble. She runs as fast as her legs will carry her until she’s close enough to catch his sleeve. Instead of speeding up to avoid being caught, Conrad twists around, grabbing her hands, interlacing their fingers. He hasn’t held her hand since they danced the Shag.
“I like your guts, Belly,” he laughs.
Her heart leaps, then seizes. Even though she knows what the word means now, she still can’t interpret it. Is he gearing up to make a move on her? Or is he saying that, to him, she’ll always be a lost little kid?
Her doubts cloud the moment, rendering it opaque. One second, she thinks he’s leaning in to kiss her, the next she senses him pulling away. What she doesn’t realize is that she’s also giving
him
mixed signals, her lips beckoning, her eyes panicking.
In the end, nothing happens. And yet something shifts. On the drive back to the beach house, Belly is unusually quiet because her mind is so
loud,
grinding all of its gears. She feels like she’s going insane, and she knows it has to end. For too long,
she’s
been the sand crab, burrowing itself for protection. There has to be another way to live.
And she’s going to find it.
A week later, they break the ban, as the chance arises. Laurel chooses to spend an afternoon with Susannah at the beach bar. Steven’s with Jeremiah at the arcade. That means no witnesses. Of course, only one of them is knowingly breaking the law. Belly hasn’t told Conrad about it because that would open up a crazy can of worms.
You can’t come in here, actually. Why? Because my mom thinks we will fuck each other if you do. And also… You know. Boundaries.
She tries not to think about all of that when he lies down on her carpet, and his white shirt rides up, exposing a sliver of hipbone.
He’s brought a book. Shakespeare. Years ago, Belly accepted that Conrad is, in fact, a major geek. It’s endearing. Even before she learned to love books herself, she loved his love of them. As a smile pulls on her lips, she drops down next to him and gazes at the pages, then at his expression, trying to figure out which part he’s reading.
When she thinks she has, based on nothing but his lips parting (
he kiss’d the last of many doubled kisses, this orient pearl),
she turns to stare at the ceiling. There’s a tiny crack by the light fixture. Ever since she noticed it one summer, it’s the first place her eyes go to. It should scare her, perhaps, make her wonder if the ceiling will one day come crashing down around her.
Instead, it intrigues her. She wants to explore the unknown beyond it.
Without moving, without looking at him, she asks, “Have you had sex?”
She hears him snap the book shut and feels him glance at her, but she doesn’t meet his eyes. Then he says, “What?”
“You heard me.”
Conrad hesitates for a moment before he admits, “Um, no, I haven’t.”
The relief that runs through her is a little stupid, but it’s real. “Oh,” she exhales. “Why not?”
“I don’t know,” he tells her. Probably aware that this won’t cut it, he continues, “I guess I… It’s such a big deal that I want it to be with someone I actually care about, you know?” He’s speaking slowly, which is notably different from his usual passionate rambling, and it tells her that he’s picking every word with great care.
Wading through troubled waters, she only says, “Right. Me too.”
They don’t speak long enough to make her wonder if they’ve already stretched this topic as far as it will go between them. Belly senses him stir beside her and expects him to pick his book back up. Instead, he says, “I’m not completely clueless, though.”
He sounds so serious, it makes her smile. It also makes her look at him for the first time since she brought this up. “What do you mean by that?”
“I know some things.”
His vagueness is hilarious to her. Grinning, she teases, “Excuse me, know what, Conrad? The female anatomy?”
This appeal to his geekiness cuts through the tension, and he turns toward her with a mock offended expression on his face. “Yes, Belly, that’s
exactly
what I’m talking about. I know the zones.”
She can’t resist a bright laugh. “The erogenous zones? You know
those
?”
“Yeah,” he says with the confidence of someone who’s studied intensely before a test. It’s so
him
that she forgets to feel awkward. At least until he adds, “Don’t you?”
Biting her lip, she’s tempted to pretend to be more comfortable with her changing body than she is, but she can’t. It’s almost as if she doomed herself to brutal, intimate honesty by demanding the same thing of him.
In the end, she mutters, “I know the big one.”
Conrad has to understand what she’s referring to because he promptly
corrects
her. “It’s not big, like—size-wise, it’s not—”
She bursts out laughing, which she’s sure was his intention. Her heart flutters because, just like that, he’s made her feel safe again. His silliness is one of her favorite things in the world, especially when it’s unexpected. It sticks in her heart.
“Okay, yeah,” she admits, her shoulders vibrating. “That’s true.”
When silence descends between them again, Belly realizes how close they are, pressed together, his hand brushing hers. This time, she’s not worried about the conversation dying. She’s patient, anticipating who will be the first to speak, what will be said.
Conrad asks an incomplete question, “Hey, do you ever…?”
Twisting her head, she looks at him expectantly, but he’s staring at the ceiling, wide-eyed.
“What? What do you want to know?”
When he doesn’t say anything, she scrutinizes his expression for clues: the light blush on his cheeks, his parted lips, shiny irises. It doesn’t take much detective work for her to tie up those loose ends and come up with an educated guess. Regardless, she hesitates. If this is truly what he intended to ask her, it’s
insane.
Without taking her eyes off him, she questions, “W-were you going to ask me if I… touch myself?”
Conrad wets his lips. “Do you?”
“Sometimes… and I guess you also…?”
“Sometimes.”
They’ve gone back to avoiding each other’s gazes, for which Belly is secretly grateful because if he were looking at her, she wouldn’t be able to speak, and she feels compelled to open up about her insecurities again. If only so he can make her laugh about them.
Exhaling, she admits, “I’m not sure I’m very good at it, though.”
“What do you mean?”
His gentle tone is what makes her elaborate, “It’s… It never feels like I think it will.”
Maybe her expectations are too high. In some ways, Belly treats masturbation similarly to how she treated their first date. She builds it up in her head, painting a detailed picture of what she wants to happen, and when it doesn’t go that way, she’s left feeling disappointed. Unsatisfied. There’s one big difference between the two situations, though. She understands why the date failed.
Hardly aware that she’s voicing the thought, she says, “I just don’t know what I’m doing wrong.”
Conrad rolls onto his side, making their legs brush.“You know you can’t just go for it, right? You have to think of something.”
“A fantasy?”
“No,” he says, surprising her enough that she meets his eyes. “Something real. Something that is… pleasurable to you. Like eating a peach, I don’t know.”
She snorts. “Really? A peach?”
“Trust me,” he insists. “Don’t knock it ‘til you try it. Come on, close your eyes.”
Belly’s shaking with barely-contained chuckles, as this reminds her of how he used to sound when he was persuading her to like carrots.
“Don’t laugh, this is very serious,” Conrad says, in the least serious tone on earth. Once again, his silliness softens her, and she decides to put her skepticism aside and give this a real shot. So when he repeats, “Close your eyes,” she complies.
“Should I just… imagine the peach?” Even asking that question is absurd to her.
“Of course not. Do you feel good every time you
see
a peach? No. You feel good when you eat it.”
Belly can’t argue with that. Forcing herself to focus, she thinks of the last time she ate a peach. It was, of course, at the orchard. A few days ago, she went there to visit Conrad, but he was busy working, separating the fruits from their branches. She wanted to help him so he’d finish up quicker, but Susannah said she shouldn’t. ‘
Belly, honey, you’re far too pretty for such work.’
Conrad muttered, ‘
Bullshit,’
and handed her the shears so she could pick a fruit the proper way. Once the peach was in her hand, she couldn’t resist sinking her teeth into it.
This bite is what she recalls now: the sweet juice coating her tongue, running down her chin, the soft meat sticking to her gums. It was warm from the summer heat, and her mouth welcomed it as if she’d been waiting her whole life for this one indulgence. She remembers, too, that she shuddered as she chewed.
And she’s shuddering now. Mindlessly, Belly slips her hand beneath Conrad’s, and he brings it to rest on top of her thigh. His fingers splay across hers, grazing her bare skin and making her remember the weight of his gaze on her as she devoured the fruit. Heat rushes to her core, so she starts rubbing slow circles on her thigh, testing the movement.
Conrad’s pinky caresses hers, mimicking the pressure and rhythm she’s creating against her own skin. It’s so intimate, she’s almost afraid to go further, even though she wants to. He’ll probably pull away if she does. But that’s not what happens. He starts guiding her hand backward until it disappears beneath the hem of her sundress.
Her breath hitches.
“Are you okay?” Conrad whispers.
“Yeah, I’m thinking of the ocean,” she tells him, which is true. At least, she’s
trying
to think of it. He’s making it difficult, breathing hotly against her ear. Holding her hand against her upper thigh.
“What about it?”
“Just… the water. When it’s gentle.”
When she learned to swim at a young age, her parents warned her about the dangers of the sea—its unexpected changes, its dark secrets. She’s grateful that she’s never seen that side of it. As she imagines it, she feels it holding her, welcoming her back into its arms. Where she’s safe.
Her hand—
their
hands— reach her underwear, and Conrad starts to retreat.
“Don’t,” she whispers, pulling him back. As she does, she also switches their positions, folding his hand underneath hers. This is her way of telling him what she wants since she can’t articulate it with words.
Now,
his
touch is the one she feels. He’s careful at first, letting her guide him. Because he’s felt her movements, he already knows what she likes, but he puts his own spin on it, crooking his fingers a little. Despite the layer of fabric, he finds the most sensitive part of her. Just as the water, he brushes against her.
Belly sighs, her eyelids fluttering. Is this really happening?
Eventually, she starts to feel the calluses on his hands before every jolt of pleasure. Without that bit of roughness, would she be breathing as hard? Would she be as wet? Does she
want
to be handled with care, or is that only what she’s been conditioned to believe?
Conrad drags his thumb across her clit, but it’s the sharp edge of his nail, briefly cutting through the cotton barrier, that undoes her. She comes apart quietly, with a choked gasp, feeling his presence everywhere. Still, she needs to make sure that he’s real.
When she rolls over to look at him, while she’s all dazed, he kisses her. It’s as soft as velvet. Sweet, chaste. Closing her eyes, she imagines the two of them, hidden away beneath a peach tree in the orchard. A secret.
Drawing back, Conrad whispers, “Was that your first one?”
Belly’s not sure if he’s talking about the orgasm or the kiss. Either way, the answer is yes.
At her shy nod, he pinches the bridge of his nose. “Sorry. God, now I feel like an asshole.”
She frowns because he’s not. Not in her eyes.
At least not yet…

=== CHAPTER BREAK ===

Chapter Text
This story begins and ends with blood, with bruises, but its turning point is an itch, the kind that makes you tear at yourself, chasing relief that never comes. Conrad Fisher is sitting behind the wheel of his truck, digging his fingers into the velvety flesh of a peach. In less than a year, the car will smell of rot and smoke, a far cry from the fragrance that lingers in the air around him now. Closing his eyes, he can still sense her presence in the passenger seat, a hint of her lilac-scented lotion. Belly.
He runs his thumb along the peach crevice, hungering for her lips—those (on her face) that he was fortunate enough to kiss, and those (between her legs) that he weren’t. It’s a bit unnerving how something so beautiful can look like it’s meant to be split open, taken apart. This is the thought that crosses his mind when he brings the fruit to his mouth, breaking the skin. It bleeds sweetness, which he greedily drains, wishing it were hers.
As he chews, selfish desires flood his mind. When she was here, he chained them like beasts, terrified of them, but now that she’s gone, they’ve broken free: He wants her naked and raw as the pit left in his hand; he wants her on her knees, gazing up at him with stormy eyes; he wants her moaning and shuddering on top of him. But nothing they did during their week of exploration came close to that. He couldn’t let it happen. He couldn’t bury the prince.
(If this story is a tragedy to young Conrad Fisher, this is his fatal flaw. Despite his painstaking efforts to prevent this downfall, it will happen, and you will not be able to look away when it does. Like all heroes, he breaks so beautifully.)
Leaning back, he savors the aftertaste, an addictive tang— until it is overpowered, that is, by an itch. It begins on his tongue and quickly invades his entire mouth like a swarm of bugs. When he attempts to scratch, it hurts. Desperately, he downs half a bottle of water, but it’s no use. Conrad knows enough about the human body to understand what’s happening: At seventeen, he’s been betrayed by his own immune system, which has misidentified a lifelong pleasure as a harmful intruder.
The shock reverberates through him
.
For the first time in nearly four years, tears fill his eyes, stinging. He’ll survive, though. He can still pick the fruits at their peak ripeness and sell them to the highest bidder. He can still make a living out of them. So what will it cost him?
Only one thing.
Only joy.
Fast forward, let’s fast forward.
Think of your first trip to a haunted house, or a cemetery; how your breath hitched as you stepped into a place where your mere presence was a disturbance to those who had already claimed it. This is what the country club in Cousins Beach is to Conrad Fisher.
It’s October, and the ghouls have come out to play, dressed in their finest tailored suits and gowns. Their game of choice? Poker. Mounts of money lie at the center of the round tables as he darts between them, dealing cards and pouring alcohol he’s not yet old enough to drink. Aged wine. Bubbling champagne. Burning whisky.
Conrad never thought he’d miss being a lifeguard. At least, doing that job, he could pretend that he mattered to these people. If they ever needed saving, he’d be the one to do it. Now, it’s too cold outside to swim, and he’s forced to
serve
them
.
The difference is staggering.
On his first day as part of the waitstaff, Paige — the club manager — instructed him never to ask the members if they wanted more of something.
Assume the answer’s yes.
So Conrad refills glasses that aren’t yet empty; offers second, third, and fourth rounds of canapes loaded with caviar pearls. No one spares him a glance. They probably don’t even feel his presence in the room. By now, he’s become so used to invisibility that revealing himself is like risking his safety.
A broad man with curly salt-and-pepper hair pulls a cigar out of his suit pocket as Conrad pours more bourbon into his glass.
“Sorry, sir, you can’t smoke in here,” Conrad tells him, keeping his head down.
The man straightens, his mouth twisting sourly. “Oh, really?”
Fighting the anxiety that shoots through him, Conrad repeats, “I’m sorry,” even though he isn’t. “You have to go outside.”
Not used to being told what to do, the man opens his mouth to protest. Before he’s uttered a single word, however, another man— sitting at the opposite end of the table— interjects, “Let it go, Hudson. Just get out of here. We’ll wait for you.”
Grumbling unintelligibly under his breath, Hudson leaves his seat and disappears through the beautifully carved ballroom doors. Conrad hurries back to work, keen to finish his rounds at this table before the asshole returns.
When Conrad reaches the man who spoke up, he’s addressed. Gently. “Please don’t mind my brother. He thinks he’s
The Great Gatsby.
”
Stunned, Conrad looks at the stranger, searching for a brotherly resemblance. Maybe they have similar brown eyes, but the ones looking at him now are much warmer, glinting behind horn-rimmed glasses. “Cleveland Castillo," he introduces himself, then adds, with surprisingly sincere concern, “You’re too young to be working this late.”
What is this? A conscience?
Ghouls aren’t supposed to have those. Most of the time, they float in and out of here, treating the space like their private confessional. Two months in, Conrad has already lost count of the greedy demands, the nasty jokes, the thinly-veiled racist remarks aimed at the Latino workers they hire to clean their homes.
Feeling defensive, he says, “And yet here I am.”
Serving you.
Cleveland doesn’t seem to know how to respond to that, so Conrad drifts away, toward the next table, where a woman is asking her friends for advice on which type of marble countertop to install in her beach house kitchen. His heart seizes at the sight of her. Dark hair. Knee-length dress. A hint of lilac in the air.
His breath hitches. It’s not Belly, but he misses her so much that it might as well be. And she belongs here, doesn’t she? In this space, her laughter would bounce off the walls. Her smile would outshine the crystal hanging from the chandeliers. No one would be able to take their eyes off her. Especially not him.
If she were here, she would feel his presence. Wouldn’t she?
Suddenly, the black bowtie around his neck starts strangling him, which forces him to take the break he was due an hour ago. On his way through the double doors, he’s shoulder-checked, but only he seems to feel the collision. Hudson Castillo marches forward, unfazed. Conrad looks back and opens his mouth to yell, but no sound comes out. It’s a curse. You earn nothing if you raise your voice to
sirs
and
ma’ams.
He knew this at thirteen, and he knows it now.
It has him fleeing into the night.
When Conrad started working at the club, he had to buy a smartphone. This annoyed him at the time. While doing yard work, he’d managed just fine with his mom’s old Nokia. Why anyone needed an
app
to communicate was beyond his understanding, and he’d much rather spend his money on gas. Nevertheless, he complied. Now, months later, he’s willing to admit that his outrageously expensive (secondhand) iPhone does have its perks, the main one being that he can text Belly as the rich boys from her life in Philly would.
Their conversations are sporadic, short, and intense. A few days before Halloween, she tells him about a nightmare: driving to Cousins and finding it gone, as if it had been swallowed up by the sea while she was away. He sends her pictures of the naked peach trees and the desolate beach with the caption,
‘Still there, but different.’
Belly responds, ‘
Like us,’
and he stares at the words, feeling the weight of them in his chest. For several years, he feared his changing feelings for her. He was sure he’d ruin everything. But that hasn’t happened.
(Not yet. Give him time.)
On a frosty November morning, he wakes up to, ‘
Last night, I thought about eating a peach,’
a secret innuendo that sends an electric jolt through him. This is the only way they can talk about the new aspect of their relationship because Belly is paranoid about Laurel reading her texts.
Understanding this, Conrad replies in code, ‘
Was it good?’
Her response comes immediately, ‘
Yeah, but it would’ve been better if it were one of yours. That’s all I could think about.’
After reading the message—about ten times—he locks himself in the bathroom and turns on the shower. As he strokes himself slowly, his mind jumps between a myriad of blissful memories: the delicate vibrations of her giggles against his mouth, the taste of ocean water on her upper lip. Her silky hair slipping through his fingers, her sunlit thighs that he wanted as a crown around his head. He needs to think of something
real
. On the drive home that dreamlike afternoon, he put his fingers in his mouth, licking the ghost of her arousal, an addictive tang.
He comes hard, with a guttural moan, bracing himself against the shower wall. The spray feels like hail on his back, a painful awakening.
“Con!” Jeremiah bangs on the door. “Finish already! You’re wasting the hot water!”
Heat rushes to Conrad’s face. The house walls are thin, he keeps forgetting.
Living at the peach orchard with his brother is becoming harder by the day. They’re both in their late teens, which means they require personal space that they don’t have. Three months ago, Conrad gave up his share of their bedroom and started sleeping on the old pull-out couch in the living room. His back is already protesting that decision.
After breakfast, Conrad drives them to school. Jeremiah is saving up for his own car, assembling burgers at the local Sonic, but making less than twelve dollars an hour renders it a pipe dream. Conrad earned half of that when he was busting his ass in people’s yards.
Never again
. He loathes the country club, but at least they pay him decently. This is what he has to tell himself, several times a day, to avoid losing his mind.
“So,” Jeremiah says, pushing every button on the radio as if that will magically make it work. It’s been dead since Conrad bought the car. “You and Belly?”
Conrad’s heart skips at the sound of her name. Clutching the wheel, he plays dumb, “What are you talking about?”
“Come on.” Jeremiah grins knowingly. “Steven told me he caught you guys kissing last summer. He said you were full-on
tonguing—
”
“Jesus, Jere—” Conrad protests, his neck flushing at the memory.
Two days before she returned to Philly, he came to the beach house, hoping to steal a couple of hours with her. The innocent date he’d planned— an old romantic movie and snacks in the living room— was abandoned the second Belly told him that Laurel was at
Whale of a Tale,
meeting the author of a self-help book for women.
They didn’t even make it into the house. He cupped her face, walking her backward until her spine collided with one of the porch pillars. Then he captured her mouth with his, pulling her bottom lip between his teeth. Kissing her was a full-body experience, shivers running through him and making it difficult to stay upright. To Conrad, it felt like a cave-in, but he’d willingly crush himself for a taste of her. Any day of the week.
Suddenly, they were broken apart by Steven’s loud, ‘What the
hell?
’
They tried to defend themselves, but the sight was rather incriminating: Her hand twisted in the front of his t-shirt, lifting it to expose his lower chest; his mouth smeared with her cherry-tinted lipbalm.
“Is she your girlfriend or not?”
Conrad keeps his eyes trained on the road. “I don’t know,” he says honestly, “It’s—”
“Oh, it’s complicated? Give me a break,” Jeremiah complains. “You’ve been in love with her since, what, elementary school? That’s some Nicholas Sparks shit.”
“
You
know Nicholas Sparks?” Conrad asks, a not-so-subtle attempt to change the subject. “There are no car chases in those movies.”
“Don’t patronise me, you dick,” Jeremiah says, but he’s laughing. “I’m more experienced than you. Unless…” He wiggles his eyebrows for emphasis. “... You’ve slept with her?”
His jaw clenched, Conrad shakes his head. “I’m not talking to you about this.”
Jeremiah pouts. “Why? I tell you about
my
sex life.”
“Yeah, and I wish you didn’t,” Conrad retorts drily as he turns left into the high school parking lot. It looks rather depressing against the backdrop of the black morning sky, covered in a thin layer of melted snow.
Jeremiah, in contrast, is bright as ever, quipping, “That’s biphobic, actually.”
A genuine smile tugs at Conrad’s lips. It’s been about a year since they were both awake at midnight and decided to drive fifteen miles for hot fudge sundaes— a rare nostalgic indulgence. Without any preamble, Jeremiah said, ‘
I’m not straight. I thought you should know.’
Conrad said, ‘
Oh, I do.’
It was no surprise to him. It changed nothing. Well, that’s not entirely true. Ever since Jeremiah came out, Conrad’s been more vigilant in the hallways. He tries to resist hovering, but it’s difficult when he knows how terrible high schoolers can be, throwing slurs around like beach balls.
“Sorry, I’ll do better,” he replies, an easy grin playing on his lips. “Have a good day.”
“You too,” Jeremiah says, adding, “And don’t fumble the bag, please.”
Conrad groans as if he’s in physical pain. “Never use that expression again.”
“
Byeee,
” Jeremiah sing-songs, shutting the passenger door.
As Conrad trudges through the brown slush on his way to homeroom, he mulls over the conversation. It’s not that he doesn’t
want
to be in a relationship with Belly. He’s never wanted anything more in his life, but it’s also terrifying. His dreams are filled with her—the good ones, the wet ones, and the bad ones. He’s never told her this, but he’s also dreamt of Cousins disappearing, not into thin air; he's seen it go up in flames. More than once. Each time, she’s there, running straight at the fire. He never gets to her in time. It has him waking up in a panicked sweat. The first time was when his mom was undergoing chemo. Almost a year has passed since its last recurrence, though. This seems promising.
Maybe he’s safe from this imagined danger. Maybe
they
are.
Jeremiah’s right. He should ask her to be his girlfriend. That’s the right thing to do, but the timing needs to be right, too. He can’t just send her a text. Should he ask Laurel first? God, no, he’s not
proposing.
So why does it feel like he is?
Why does it feel like this one question could make or break his whole life? Why does it feel like he might not get to her in time?
In early December, Conrad is visited by the Ghost of Christmas Past. All of his darkest memories are resurrected, and he’s left staring at living dead things: his mother’s trembling hands as she delivers the terrible news, Jeremiah’s empty eyes, and the silence that drags itself back into their home, risen from the grave. It infests everything.
The last time, Conrad struggled to stay strong in the face of ruin: chunks of blonde hair at the bottom of the bathroom bin, needle bruises on pale skin, piles of unwashed dishes in the sink. When the courage started to leave him, someone precious reminded him of the fierce warriors in his mother’s body. Someone reminded him of light—how it can be found everywhere.
After that, he gritted his teeth and fought back. He brought the locks of lost hair outside and watched as they were carried away by the wind like dandelion seeds. He scrubbed the plates clean until his fingers wrinkled. He learned how to cook by himself, hearty meals to stall his mother’s withering. As the gloomy winter fell, he dug into the emergency fund and bought string lights for the living room. Jeremiah helped him put them up, and their house glowed like a Christmas tree until springtime… Until the sun returned.
This time, he does it all again. But it’s not enough. See, that’s the tragic thing about light. Sometimes, even when it’s found, it goes out.
Fumbling through the darkness, scared and
invisible
, Conrad turns to a new, desperate way of resisting ruin: Playing with the ghouls.
//
Bathed in the pale TV glow, Belly tries to anticipate the next jump scare. Somehow, she never sees them coming. She doesn’t even like horror movies, but Taylor’s been into them lately. Hopefully, it’s just a phase and not a lifelong interest, as it seems to be with Steven. At least her loud commentary is entertaining.
Right now, the teenage female protagonist is about to enter a house that she should be avoiding like the plague.
“Do not go in there, do
not
—oh, you stupid bitch,” Taylor complains, scowling at the screen. Then she hits the pause button, making the image freeze moments before all hell breaks loose.
Glancing over her shoulder, she chides, “You’re not paying attention, Cinderbelly. You haven’t even asked me to turn it off yet.”
Belly sighs. “So? It’s April. I’ve had enough of the spooky stuff.”
A smirk grows on Taylor’s face. “That’s right. You’re all ready for summer, aren’t you? You can’t wait for it, you dirty little slut.”
Heat floods Belly’s face at the playful teasing. She grabs a fistful of caramel popcorn and tosses them in her friend’s direction. “Shut the fuck up,” she says without heat. “You’re just jealous.”
“Oh, very,” Taylor admits point-blank, rolling onto her back on the living room rug. “That’s why I have to live vicariously through you until I lose
my
V-card. Tell me about it again?”
Belly licks her lips, feeling awkward despite herself. “Well, first off,” she starts. “I technically didn’t—”
“
Please,
” Taylor interjects, rolling her eyes and popping a kernel into her mouth. “Hand stuff counts. Especially if he’s got
good
hands, which Conrad Fisher clearly
does
—”
“God, Tay,” Belly says, rubbing her burning cheeks. “Don’t make me think about that.”
“Why? Does it make you horny?”
Deciding that the popcorn isn’t a good enough defense, Belly throws a pillow that Taylor expertly dodges. After, she sobers, admitting, “Sometimes, I just… I still can’t believe it happened. It doesn’t feel real.”
She bites her thumbnail, trying not to think of the two-month wait that she’ll have to endure until she sees him again. It will be even more agonizing than she first anticipated because Conrad is too busy to text. Senior year is killing him. That’s what his last message, sent on New Year's Day, said. Regardless, she checks her phone every day, hoping that he’ll reach out, perhaps tell her more about it. So far, he hasn’t.
Taylor huffs, bringing her back to the topic at hand. “Yeah, no shit. I’d probably feel that way if a guy started fingering me out of nowhere. That’s insane.”
“To be fair,” Belly says, feeling defensive on his behalf. “I kind of asked him to? He was—he was moving away, but I… pulled his hand back.”
She swallows hard against the sudden lump of insecurity in her throat. Did he only do it because he felt obligated to? Because he felt sorry for her? No.
No.
The following week disproved that. The way he kissed her disproved that. There was something wild about how he took her bottom lip between his teeth and dug his fingers into her hips, pulling her closer.
“Well, you’re insane, too, babe,” Taylor says. “So what exactly happened after? Did you go back to playing pirates in his fort?”
Belly’s heart somersaults. She’s known Conrad since she was four years old. Maybe that’s also part of the reason why this feels surreal. How do you change a relationship that’s been a pillar of your life without risking destruction?
To avoid dwelling on this question, she focuses on answering Taylor’s. “We made out several times.”
“And?”
“What do you mean
and
?”
“Come on, Belly,” Taylor exclaims. “Did he ask you to be his girlfriend?”
If he had, Belly would’ve led with that. She would’ve shouted it from the rooftops (out of her mother’s earshot, of course). She shakes her head, her stomach clenching.
Despite her excitement, a part of her wonders if this was a one-summer occurrence, like the Carolina Shag and the boardwalk date. Perhaps she’ll show up in two months, and he’ll have decided that their friendship is too precious to jeopardize, that a long-distance relationship between them will never work out.
(These are
her
anxieties. His are much, much worse.)
“I’m sure he will,” Taylor says. “Teenage boys are possessive as fuck.”
Not Conrad,
Belly thinks, holding onto the fairytale that, by now, only exists in her mind.
The following Saturday, in an uptown mansion, her fairytale sees its first cracks. At the beginning of the party, she drinks gross, dark beer with the football team. Within hours, she understands why some people refer to alcohol as chosen
poison.
It tastes like something precious died in her mouth. Still, Taylor has it worse. She steps through the doors with a crush on the star wide receiver. By the end of the night, she’s thrown her heart to the wolves in pure disgust. The reason? A game of
truth or dare.
Harmless, right? Not really.
Whoever chooses to be daring has to prove it by committing a misdemeanor. Steal Marlboros from the gas station. Vandalize a garage with orange spray paint. Skinny dip in the neighbours’ swimming pool. Drive to Burger King while three beers over the legal limit. Doing it is terrible enough, but they
laugh
about it—a pack of hyenas feeding off each other’s most reckless behavior. Getting caught would be a thrill to them, not a consequence.
When the bourbon bottleneck points to Belly, she picks truth. It’s an action that whispers,
‘I’m not like you.’
She wishes she were brave enough to scream it.
One truth doesn’t cut it, not when the dares are so… adventurous.
Are you a virgin?
(No.)
Who was the guy?
(His name’s Conrad, he’s not from here.).
What’s the freakiest thing you’ve done
with him
? (Fuck off, that’s none of your business). It’s all true, but after that last one, she’s treated like she just failed a polygraph test.
Her punishment? She’s banished from the castle. Taylor follows her in solidarity, emptying her bottle of beer over her
ex
-crush’s head on the way out. Belly grabs Jessica, a sophomore in Taylor’s biology class who’s way too drunk to be left alone with assholes, and takes her with them.
On the bus ride home, Taylor whispers that Jessica’s dad has lung cancer. She won’t talk about it, which must mean it’s bad. For the first time in ages, Belly recalls the brittle smile on Conrad’s face the night of their first sleepover; how she absorbed his pain, even though he didn’t share it with her. That’s why he couldn’t hide from her in the shadows. Not for long anyway.
She also remembers how the beam of the flashlight hit his face. As if he were about to tell her a ghost story…
It’s a dark and stormy night.
In Philly, Belly steps into a house that she should be avoiding like the plague, considering that it’s her parents’ castle and she reeks of weed and shame. At the back of her mind, Taylor is calling her a stupid bitch for turning down their planned sleepover. It definitely is foolish, but after tonight, she just wants to sleep in her own bed. Her eyes dart around, chasing imaginary shadows, as she makes the perilous journey to her room. The floor creaks, and her heart races as adrenaline pumps through her body. She’s braced to fight for her life.
No monster comes for her. Because it doesn’t live
here.
//
In Cousins, Conrad is passed out on the pull-out couch after a bone-breaking shift at the country club. He’s tossing and turning, haunted by the bills on the kitchen counter. Numbers, if they’re big enough, have a nasty bite. They go straight for the jugular, latching onto his airway. Most nights, he wakes up just like he does now, drenched in cold sweat, struggling to breathe, his heart racing as adrenaline pumps through his body.
He’s braced to fight for his life.
On the coffee table, his phone chimes like an explosive device. He stares at it, which only elevates his panic. When he’s dizzy, blurry-eyed, and convinced that he’s going to die before his mom, the ringing finally stops. Hugging his legs, he manages to take slow breaths, counting the ticks of the old clock on the mantel. As he reaches thirty, his vision clears. Another minute passes before his full-body tremors die down.
The phone goes off again.
This time, he picks it up. It’s an unknown caller. The hospital? Expecting the worst, he stammers, “H-hello?”
“Conrad, thank God. This is Cam, Cameron. From the club?”
His mind is spinning, but he manages to put a face to that name. They shared the lifeguarding duty last summer. They haven’t spoken much, but he’s a nice boy, about Jere’s age, very into marine biology. Conrad vaguely remembers a conversation they had about humpback whales.
“Oh.”
“Sorry to call you this late, but… It’s Jeremiah.”
Conrad’s heart seizes. No, no,
no.
“What’s going on?” he rasps, expecting the worst again.
“We’re on Puffer Street. A fight broke out. We managed to break them apart for a bit, but—”
Alarmed, Conrad shoots up. “Just tell me exactly where to find him.”
Ten minutes later, he pulls up to the curb in front of a regular one-story house. The front door is open, and horrible techno music is bleeding through the night. The party has been taken outside. At least forty high school kids are gathered in the front yard, yelling unintelligibly. Conrad climbs out of the truck and leaves the door open, ready for a quick escape. Then he pushes his way through the crowd.
Once he makes it to the center, he catches a glimpse of blond curls in the grass and sees red. Without hesitation, he reaches out, grabbing the back of the assaulter's sweatshirt and tearing him off Jeremiah like a leech.
“What—what the
fuck
?” The guy sputters.
Conrad drops him on the ground and steps on his crotch, hard, making him choke. Even in the dim light, Conrad recognizes him. He never forgets a punchable face.
“This is what you do in your free time, Jumper? Shouldn’t you be off at college by now? Oh, wait, that’s right. You didn’t graduate.”
“At least I’m not pouring champagne for ugly cougars at the country club,” Jumper sneers. “How much do they pay you for your
services
?”
Having heard this rumor a hundred times before, Conrad cocks his head and speaks calmly, “Your dick’s under my shoe. Wanna repeat that?” Silence. “That’s what I thought.”
Someone tugs on his arm. Looking over his shoulder, Conrad meets his little brother’s bright blue eyes, but is quickly distracted by his swollen, bruised cheekbone. He swallows hard, the guilt nauseating as it goes down.
“Come on, Con. Let’s just dip before the cops get here.”
There’s no need to explain why this is important. The cops in Cousins Beach are dreadfully bored, and they take it out on teenagers—mostly those from low-income households—harassing them for smoking and hovering over their summer bonfires, looking for any excuse to bring out the handcuffs. This brawl will have them foaming at the mouth.
Knowing this, they rush out of there and drive to the gas station. Conrad buys a cup of ice cubes for his brother’s face. It isn’t the first time. Nor the last.
“What happened?” Conrad asks, settling back into the driver’s seat.
Usually, Jeremiah offers half-baked explanations that all boil down to
Mom’s sick again.
Each time, Conrad finds it harder to reach him.
The corner of his mouth twitching, Jeremiah says, “He called me a fag.”
This stuns Conrad into silence, his heart lurching. Then it presses itself into a hard ball in his chest. “He’s not worth it, Jere. I can’t keep rescuing you.”
For months, this unnatural callousness has been the only thing holding him together. Well, that
and
the bad habits. He takes the rolled joint in the pocket of his hoodie and brings it to his mouth, lighting it.
Jeremiah scoffs. “Then why don’t you just stop?”
The first hit of weed manages to subdue the bile that rises in his throat at that question. It’s sickening but sadly not shocking. Conrad opens his mouth, but the words fail him. His eyes find the dead radio that Jeremiah once tried to start as if he believed in miracles. Now, that recent memory feels like a piece of a past life.
Breaking the heavy silence, Jeremiah continues, “You don’t have to keep playing hero. You’re shit at it anyway.”
“Trust me, I know.”
“No, you don’t,” Jeremiah snaps, looking at him through the veil of smoke. “You’re never there when I need you. You’d rather do God-knows-what at the club than come with me to visit Mom. Admit it. You don’t—you can’t even look at her.”
His accusation burns like a slap. Conrad has to close his eyes and take a sharp breath to keep himself together. “Jere, that’s not—”
“You can’t even look at
me.
”
Conrad turns his head then, slowly.
“Great. Now do it without wincing.”
This whole thing is
fucked.
Biting his lip hard, Conrad feels it split open, but he doesn’t care. It’s as if his body is curling in on itself, crumbling like a dead leaf under the weight of a boot. He needs to cry— or scream— but instead, he apologizes, “I’m sorry. I wish I could…”
save her.
“... be there more. I try, you know that. And you know I hate that fucking club as much as you do. But we’d drown without it. I’m just… trying to keep our heads above water.”
“
Do
you hate it, though?” Jeremiah asks, snatching the joint out of his hand and taking a long drag. “Because you treat it like your second home.”
Conrad gawks at his brother, stunned by the disdain in his tone. “You don’t actually believe what they’re all saying, do you?”
Jeremiah bites the inside of his cheek. “Do I believe that you’re prostituting yourself to pay for Mom’s treatments? Hell, I don’t know, Con. I believe you
would.
And you won’t say anything, but
please,
tell me what else I’m supposed to think you’re doing.”
Licking his lips, Conrad hesitates. The secret is like a ticking bomb. No matter what he does, it’ll explode at some point. It’s up to him to make sure no one else gets hurt when it does. This is his mess.
“I’m not dragging you into it,” Conrad says evasively. “So let it go.”
“No,
you
gotta let it go,” Jeremiah bites out. “What do you think will happen? Do you think they’ll accept you? I hate to break it to you, but you’ll never belong with them. What’s theirs will never be yours.”
It’s one of those times. If Conrad were more of a natural douchebag, he’d call out the hypocrisy. Growing up,
Jeremiah
was the one who stared enviously at convertibles and lied about owning fun technology. Conrad understood. He knew that it hurt not to have things other people took for granted. So he refrained from telling his brother that this is, unfortunately, how the world works. Now that their mother’s cancer has come back, it seems Jeremiah has swallowed that pill himself, and it’s gone down bitterly.
Conrad lets him have the rest of the joint. “I know.”
“That means Belly will never be yours, either.”
Shit.
This jab is unexpected, cutting into his iron heart and making it bleed. “No matter how much you screw her.”
Finally, Conrad snaps. “Don’t,” he snarls, slamming the wheel, “talk about her like that.”
Jeremiah isn’t scared of him. He grins, in a loopy, inebriated way. “Mom always did call you her
Prince Charming.
”
Did. Past tense. Lately, it’s been sneaking into their sentences, the Grim Reaper cutting up their language prematurely in a cruel display of power.
“Enough,” Conrad mutters, his voice rough from lasting hurt. “Let’s fucking go.”
Don’t worry… Conrad Fisher doesn’t crawl into bed with ghouls, not literally anyway. But, in their paranoia, they must start to sense an unwelcome presence, something strange living in their walls that knows all of their vilest secrets. It’s him. They just don’t have a clue. Because they never see him, do they? They don’t know that he listens as they drunkenly giggle about their worst offenses.
He’s spent years digging through their dirt. This isn’t new to him. Still, their crimes are appalling, and some would say he shouldn’t feel bad for them, not even as he threatens to ruin their lives, their precious reputations.
His favorite victim? It’s none other than Hudson Castillo.
Conrad knows that he’s the CEO of a betting company, that he’s a die-hard Red Sox fan, and that he loves his only son. He boasts about his football games, nearly as much as he boasts about hiring the most attractive young interns for his own pleasure.
Maybe my silence can be bought,
Conrad writes on the typewriter he dragged out of the garage for this purpose.
If I were you, I wouldn’t gamble on this one. I’m not your friend.
Blackmail. It’s a felony, yes, one that slithers like a snake, twisting around everything in its wake. This is the real reason why he can’t look at his mother… or his brother. Every time he leaves a note, it’s with trembling hands. Every time he receives the money— and he always does
,
without fail— he wants to throw up.
Instead, he buys groceries and tosses buckets of water at the wildfire of medical debt. It’s useless, he knows that. What he’s actually doing is digging a grave for himself, but he can’t stop now. What a fine grave it will be.
Don’t worry… She’s almost here.
And she won’t let him die.
//
This summer will be different.
Sticking her head out of the car window, Belly can smell it in the air. The sea salt kisses her skin and her lips, welcoming her back. Her heart flutters, as she’s sure Conrad will do the same in an hour, maybe even less. Reapplying her Chapstick, she imagines
how
he’ll kiss her, lifting her off the ground and spinning her around. Laughing against her lips. She wants to trace the crinkles around his eyes.
In the driver’s seat next to her, Steven grins. “You’ve really missed this place, huh?”
His tone is layered. Of course it is. He knows her secret, which he agreed to keep, and she suspects it’s because he likes Taylor and wants permission to date her. It’s either that, or he admires Conrad enough to let him get away with anything.
“I have,” Belly says. “It feels like coming home.”
This year, she has to wait a little longer than usual to see the beach house because they need to stop for gas. While Steven refuels the car, Belly goes into the store in search of Sourpatch Kids. She picks the biggest bag on offer and grabs some Fig Newtons in case she needs to bribe her mom later.
The cashier, a tow-haired, gangly guy, smiles crookedly at her. “Are you new this summer?”
Belly almost laughs. “Me? No, no.”
“Huh. I thought I knew every pretty girl in Cousins.”
If the words themselves didn’t already reveal his intentions, the bold glint in his eye certainly does. Belly has never had to shut down anyone’s flirting before, and she doesn’t want to be a dick about it, so she fumbles for words.
As she does, the cashier continues, “You should come to the bonfire tonight. It’s the first of the season.”
She’s heard about these famous bonfires through the grapevine, but hasn’t been invited to one before. It seems like fun… like a great date.
This summer will be different.
“Sounds cool. I’ll bring my boyfriend,” she replies.
Saying this makes her heart swell. She loves the taste of the label on her tongue, sweet and addictive. What makes it even better is that, in this case, it doubles as a rejection.
Sorry, I’m taken… and I’m proud to be his
.
At the beach house, Belly unpacks her suitcase and finds the book that Conrad gave her to read. It’s a tradition at the end of every summer that makes the rest of the year more bearable. Whenever the longing digs into her, she opens his book and reads his comments. It lets her imagine him next to her, whispering in her ear.
Belly has read his copy of
Antony and Cleopatra
more than any of the others, and part of the reason is that his annotations are extra special. She opens it on the first tabbed page and reads the underlined quote:
She makes hungry where most she satisfies.
In the margin, Conrad has written,
You, you, you.
Every time she reads it, she’s tempted to text him, ask him what she can do to ease his hunger.  That sunlit afternoon in her bedroom, he didn’t even let her touch him, which was frustrating beyond belief because she could tell that he was just acting noble. Fuck that. Fuck his self-imposed suffering. Late at night, she conjures up scenarios that might set him free. In the most vivid one, he’s bathed in moonlight, moaning unabashedly as she rides him on the bed of his truck.
The fantasy plays in her head as she bikes to the orchard.
This summer will be different,
she’s certain of that. And she’s right. It just isn’t in the way she hopes. The first omen appears when she arrives, and the front gate is locked. Usually, it’s wide open, like comforting arms you walk right into. Confused, Belly pulls out her phone and calls Conrad. It goes straight to voicemail.
He must be lifeguarding. Determined, she mounts her bike and heads to the country club. There, her eyes fly to the tower, and her heart leaps, then drops, as she realizes that the guy on duty is definitely
not
Conrad. He’s younger, with dark curly hair, but he looks approachable, so she steps closer.
“Hey,” she calls up to him. “Are you new?”
Noticing her, the stranger smiles boyishly. “No, I’m Cam,” he jokes, running a hand through his hair. “Sorry, that was dumb. What can I do for you?”
Belly smiles to reassure him. “Do you know where Conrad is?”
“Who’s asking?”
Licking her lips, Belly tries to resist the urge to misuse a label again. She fails. “His girlfriend. Belly Conklin.”
Cam’s eyebrows shoot up. “Oh. Sorry, I didn’t—I haven’t seen you around here.”
“I live in Philly.”
“Sweet,” Cam says, adding, “I don’t know where he is. We aren’t that tight. He’s probably working, though. He works
a lot
. Anyway, he’ll probably be at the bonfire tonight. Jeremiah definitely will.”
“Thanks,” Belly tells him. “I’ll be there.”
The Fig Newtons do come in handy, not as bribery, but as a distraction. Later that night, while Laurel watches
Bye Bye, Birdie,
and munches on cookies in the living room, Belly sneaks out of the back door, wearing a sheer pink dress that Taylor put in her suitcase.
Girlfriend vibe,
she said, winking.
The bonfire isn’t far from the beach house, and it’s easy to spot, a shining beacon in the night. She feels a little exposed, like an outsider, arriving alone. Despite spending all of her summers here, she doesn’t know any locals besides Conrad, Jeremiah, and, of course, Susannah. Belly wonders if she knows about this bonfire, if her sons had to sneak out of the house for it. Probably not.
As always, her eyes find Conrad immediately. He’s sitting cross-legged in the sand, staring at the flames. Turned away from her. Giddily, Belly uses this as an opportunity to sneak up on him. It’s not easy; it seldom works out, as he catches her in the act. This time is no exception. She’s about to throw her arms around him when he turns his head and sees her bright, mischievous smile.
“You’re here.”
Perhaps Belly would’ve noticed the strange flatness of his tone if she weren’t laser-focused on the lit joint hanging from the corner of his mouth. A sharp sting of disappointment runs through her chest, causing her smile to wobble. She fixes it and decides to go down the teasing route.
Dropping down next to him, she says, “I thought you said smoking pot changes the way your brain processes information.”
“So does your cell phone,” he tells her, looking at the flames again; they flicker, creating golden patterns on his face that she yearns to touch. But, even though he’s right there, he seems too far away for that.
“You said marijuana messes with white matter,” she goes on, remembering his rambles about the wonders of the human brain. “You said our brains are still developing and that—”
Conrad glances at her. “God, do you memorize every little thing I’ve ever said?”
This makes her frown. It could’ve been a sweet, teasing line, but it isn’t. It sounds
cold.
So unlike him. Startled, Belly falls silent for a minute, turning to look at the fire. Its heat is almost too close for comfort, making her eyes water.
“I think you should quit,” she tells him.
For the first time since she arrived, she senses his eyes lingering on her. Her pride keeps her from meeting them, at least until he says, “Okay, Miss Isabel.”
It’s so jarring, making her stare at him in disbelief. Her mind flashes back three years, to a hug and a whispered plea:
'Don’t ever call me that again.'
Well, now he has, and it’s not a joke; it’s a cruel jab. The corner of his mouth twitches as he holds her gaze, but he doesn’t take it back. Lowly, he continues, “What do you give me if I do?”
Her heart quivers. “Nothing, I…”
Everything.
Before she can change her answer, they’re interrupted. Behind her, a vaguely familiar voice rings out, “So this is your boyfriend, huh?”
Looking over her shoulder, Belly notices the guy from the gas station, holding a near-empty bottle of vodka. The wicked glint in his eye is accentuated by the fire. Conrad scowls at him. It’s obvious that they know each other, and
not
in a friendly manner.
“What a great pick,” the guy says, leering at her. “You know where he puts his white trash dick, right?”
Now, Conrad speaks up, snapping, “She’s not my girlfriend. She’s sixteen.”
Belly gawks at him. This time, the hurt spills over her like a tidal wave, building slowly and then crashing over her heart full-force, drowning it. Overwhelmed by this, she doesn’t hear anything else he says, even though it’s quite important. He says, ‘
Leave her alone, Jumper,’
and then he says,
‘Or you’ll regret it.’
“Interesting,” Jumper mutters, taking a swig of the vodka. “How freaky is she?”
All hell breaks loose.
Conrad shoots to his feet, shoving Jumper hard enough to send him falling backward. By some miracle, given his intoxicated state, he regains his footing, then lunges at Conrad, striking the corner of his mouth. Alarmed, Belly gets up and finds herself between them, ready to throw— or even
take
— a punch for the guy who just broke her heart in three seconds flat.
Neither option happens. Instead, Jumper twists around, anticipating Conrad’s next move, and his elbow hits Belly’s eye. She yelps, seeing stars and stumbling away blindly. In seconds, she’s stopped in her tracks by a set of hands on her shoulders. Not Conrad’s. She knows the feel of those too well to mistake them for a stranger’s.
Startled, she looks up. As her vision slowly clears, the lifeguard’s face comes into focus. Cam. That’s his name, right?
“What happened?” he asks, his brow furrowed, but she can’t give him an answer.
Then Conrad appears out of nowhere, breathing hard. “You need to get her out of here,” he rasps, looking at Cam. “Take her home. Put some ice on that eye.”
“Will do,” Cam says with the intonation of a Boy Scout.
Conrad looks at her—just long enough to see the unmistakable heartbreak in her expression—and turns back to Cam with a last request, “When she complains that it’s too cold, insist. Tell her it’s for her own good.”
It’s for her own good
is the kind of thing an antagonist says to justify locking a princess inside a tower. It’s punishment, not protection—a last-stitch effort to remain in control when you feel threatened. But it never works. Not for long. The princess has places to be, things to do, dreams to chase, and it will drive her to act in ways no one ever imagined. That night, sitting next to an unfamiliar boy, Belly refuses the cup of ice despite the pounding ache at the corner of her eye. When he insists, as he was told to do, she takes it, but she doesn’t press it to her face. Instead, she picks out a large cube, squeezing it in her palm until her skin begins to hurt, until it numbs. As the ice melts, it drips onto her dress, leaving wet blotches as tears would.
Belly will not cry over Conrad. Not yet.
Instead, looking at herself in the rearview mirror, she notices a new flickering fire in her irises; it’s the ghost of what she saw on that beach—not the flames people crowded around, but the ones she felt within herself when she rose, ready to fight. She’s always had a ferocious heart; she’s always had
guts,
and she hasn’t forgotten that he once liked that about her.
Apparently, this was before he realized that it could put her in danger.
//
Conrad spends that night in a cell. It’s ironically the most at peace he’s been in months. He feels relieved because he managed to send Belly away before the cops showed up, spotting the empty booze bottles and promptly rounding up as many kids as they could. It’s always mayhem, and it’s never fair. Most were let off with a warning. Some were driven home in patrol cars to ensure a safe return to their influential parents.
Lastly, there’s him, Jeremiah, and Jumper. The three examples. All working class. Quite the lethal trio to place in the same holding cell, but no one’s gunning for a murder charge tonight. Jumper’s wasted, passed out against the back wall. The drool on his chin makes him look rather pathetic.
“It’s kind of nice to share bunk beds again,” Jeremiah murmurs.
It’s obviously intended as a dark joke, but the softness in his tone makes Conrad’s breath quiver. They’ve even arranged themselves as they used to sleep. Jeremiah always had the top bunk, whereas Conrad preferred being closer to the ground. In case of an emergency.
The fluorescent lights make it impossible to sleep. Still, Conrad closes his eyes, content with floating in that liminal space between dreaming and reality—that is, until he’s broken out of it by the loud clang of a metal door being opened. He jerks, turning around to see a police officer enter their cell. As always, he expects the worst. Panic squeezes his throat. Adrenaline shoots through his veins.
He’s braced to fight for his life.
But the officer only grumbles, “You’re free to go.”
Conrad’s confused. The clock on the wall tells him it’s 4:17 a.m. When they were brought in at midnight, they were told it could take up to 24 hours for them to be processed. Haven’t they been charged?
Just as he opens his mouth to demand answers, someone familiar steps into view. Laurel, looking elegant and
terrifying
as ever
.
Her arms are crossed, her jaw trembling. It’s unclear whether she’s angry or devastated. Probably both.
Conrad’s throat tightens.
Looking directly at him, Laurel says, “You’re coming with me.”
It’s funny because the arresting officer said the same thing last night, and it made Conrad want to resist. Now, he rises from the bed and trails after Laurel, obedient as a dog. His body is heavy from exhaustion, and the last thing he wants is to face
this.
At the police station counter, Laurel turns to Conrad and Jeremiah, her expression unreadable. “The department has decided not to charge you,” she says.
Hearing this confirmation, Conrad knows he should feel immense relief. Instead, he feels… nothing, as if this makes no difference to his life at all. As if he’s been imprisoned for months already, and he knows he’s never getting out.
Laurel’s lips twitch, her eyes shining. Her hand lifts, and Conrad thinks she’s going to cradle his cheek as she’s done many times before, but she doesn’t. Dropping, her fingers flex against her leg. She’ll never look at him the same way again.
“I hope you realize how serious this is.”
Deep down, Conrad knows this is code for:
I hope you can see how much this hurts me.
But, since it’s spoken in her corporate lawyer tone, it sounds patronising. If it had come from anyone else, he might’ve been tempted to snap back. He still sees
her
the same way
,
as the woman who took the Band-Aid off Belly’s knee in a misguided attempt to help, as someone he can’t and won’t oppose.
Arching her eyebrows, Laurel continues, “I think I ought to talk to your mother.”
“Please don’t,” Jeremiah murmurs.
“Oh, you’re worried about getting in trouble, are you? Look at where you are, young man. Now, where the hell is
she
? Why isn’t she answering her phone?”
This hits a nerve. When Conrad speaks, it’s in a voice so detached it might as well not belong to him at all.
He says, “Because she’s too busy dying.”
Anyone who’s experiencing the kind of loss that Conrad is needs someone to anchor them. It’s just an unfortunate coincidence that, for him, this person turns out to be Hudson Castillo’s older brother. Compared to most of the other club members, Cleveland is strikingly ordinary: a divorced writer, mainly of literary fiction, with a passion for fishing and photography. Like Conrad, he’s a massive bookworm. This is what they bonded over, one frosty night in late January, about a week before Conrad left his first threatening note.
He’d escaped the ballroom to spend his only break fighting a panic attack. The biting cold, he’d discovered, made it easier to feel connected to his body. The pain in his freezing hands made him clench them, and the icy air forced him to breathe slower. He’d been outside for no more than a couple of minutes when he realized someone was watching him.
Looking over his shoulder, he met the gaze of Cleveland Castillo, perched on the edge of the dry, dead fountain. He noticed the book in Cleveland’s hands, and—feeling a strange twinge in the loose heartstring tying him to his younger self—said, “I ruined my eyesight reading in the dark,”
and slaving in the sun.
“It’s a terrible habit.”
Cleveland smiled, touching the rim of his glasses. “We never really learn, do we?”
“Guess not, sir.”
“Please, call me Cleveland,” he said, snapping the book shut. “You like reading?”
Conrad glanced at his feet, unsure of how to talk to a man in a suit without the forced formality. “Yes,” he murmured. “But I don’t have much time for it anymore.”
“How long have you worked here?”
“Here?” Conrad echoed, another manner of speaking imposed on him by this place, a subtle way of showing obedience.
I follow your every word. Literally.
Clearing his throat, he continued, “A year and a half. Before this, I did yard work… for four years.”
This made Cleveland’s eyebrows shoot up. “And you’re how old?”
“Just turned eighteen.”
“Christ,” Cleveland said, patting the spot next to him. “Come sit. Your feet must be killing you.”
Although this assumption was true, Conrad obliged only because he’d been told to answer every demand. It felt wrong to sit next to him, like he was taking up too much space. Unconsciously, he made himself smaller, crouching. Cleveland didn’t seem to notice. Leaning over, he showed Conrad the book he was holding:
100 Love Sonnets
by Pablo Neruda.
“Have you read this?” When Conrad shook his head, Cleveland offered, “Do you want to borrow it? You can read a few verses during your breaks.”
Conrad didn’t know what to say. In the end, he managed a simple, “Thank you,” resisting the urge to add,
Sir.
“Just do me a favor,” Cleveland added with a twinkle in his eye. “Don’t read it in the dark. It’s a terrible habit.”
Now, six months later, Conrad is sitting on the edge of the fountain, trying to focus on the steady rush of water, a sound that used to calm him. In this moment, it feels like the harbinger of a devastating flood. It’s been a week since the bonfire, and he still feels the handcuffs around his wrists as a phantom ache. The devil on his shoulder whispers, ‘
Better get used to it.’
He’s rolling a joint between his fingers when a familiar voice rings out nearby, “Do you need a light?”
Cleveland emerges from the shadows, sporting a warm smile. Without hesitation, Conrad scoots over, making room for him. This has become a weekly ritual. For his entire twenty-minute break, they sit together, talking about books or music or sports. It sounds trivial, but it’s not; it’s one of the only times where Conrad is reminded of his own humanity.
As Cleveland sits down, Conrad puts the joint back in his vest pocket. “No, it’s—I should quit anyway.”
To his surprise, Cleveland asks, “Why? If it helps with the stress?”
That’s another thing to appreciate. This man is remarkably non-judgmental. Relieved, Conrad runs a hand through his hair and, without full awareness, says, “I, well… She asked me to.”
“She?” Cleveland says, intrigue lingering at the edge of his voice. “There’s a she?”
“I don’t know anymore,” Conrad admits, his heart clenching painfully. “I pushed her away.”
Quite literally, into the arms of another guy.
It haunts him, and yet he tells himself—every second of every day—that it was the right decision. Deep down, he knows it was. So why does it feel like it will send him to the gallows?
Cleveland ignores his depressing point in favor of asking, “How do you feel about her?”
“How do I—” Conrad chokes on thin air, as though a blade has been placed at his throat. Since his conversation with Jeremiah in the car, he’s avoided talking about her.
Squeezing his shoulder, Cleveland says, “Try a poem then.”
Conrad exhales, closing his eyes. Even though part of him thinks this is silly and pretentious, he begins to recite Neruda, the only verse out of hundreds that stuck with him from book he borrowed, “
So I wait for you like a lonely house / till you will see me again and live in me / till then my windows ache.
”
Cleveland only hums.
Without warning, more words spill out of Conrad, his own this time, “I don’t think that’s fair to her, though. If I’m a house, I’m a haunted one. No one wants to live in those. No one sane anyway.”
“You think love is sane?”
Conrad stares at him, unsure if he’s meant to answer. When he doesn’t, Cleveland continues, “It never is. It’s never safe, either. But we take the risk, all of us do. Because we don’t want to live without it. You want to protect her, but maybe she doesn’t want that. Maybe she wants you, ghosts and all.”
For a minute, Conrad’s struck speechless, trying to find the holes in his argument. But it’s devastatingly solid. As he comes up empty-handed, all he has to offer is a dry comment, “You should put that in your next novel.”
Cleveland pats him on the back— an unexpected
fatherly
gesture that makes his stomach lurch. For the first time in over a decade, Conrad allows himself to feel the long-buried longing inside him, the pain of never knowing why he was abandoned. It doesn’t last long, as it’s replaced by a lethal shot of guilt. This man is not his father figure; he is his victim by association.
Ruin one brother, you ruin the other.
It’s inevitable.
Blissfully unaware of the betrayal, Cleveland smiles. “You should put it to the test, my boy. What’s the worst that can happen?”
It kills her,
Conrad thinks. Regardless, the advice sticks with him, if only for a day.
The next morning, Conrad shows up at the beach house, hoping beyond hope that Laurel won’t answer the door. He’s quite certain that she’ll chase him off before he can utter a single word, and it’ll be justified. Even as he climbs the porch steps and rings the doorbell, he’s wondering if he should flee—not for his own sake, for
hers.
Countless times in the last six months, he’s sat his car, turned the keys in the ignition, and prayed for the golden courage that could lead him away from this godforsaken town.
It never finds him. If he could leave, he already would have.
Conrad knows he’s doomed. He has no speech prepared, no grand gesture. Just fickle hope.
It isn’t Laurel who answers the door. It’s Steven, dressed in red swimming trunks. Seeing Conrad, his lips part in surprise. Not the happy kind. “Oh. Hey.”
Swallowing hard, Conrad pulls himself together enough to say, “Good morning, um… Is your sister home?”
Oh, what a diabolical way to phrase that. Great start.
And it’s all because he can’t bring himself to say her name. At the bonfire, he called her Isabel. It was unfamiliar. Safer.
Steven crosses his arms. “Why do you want to know? You wanna stick your tongue down her throat again?”
Wincing, Conrad tries to defend himself, “I said I was—”
“You know she told me about the bonfire, right? She came home with a black eye and said that you left her with a stranger to beat some kid’s ass.”
“It wasn’t
some kid,
Steven,” Conrad says, growing agitated. “It was a nineteen-year-old creep making nasty comments about her. And the guy I left her with, Cam—”
“Seems nice,” Steven murmurs, cutting him off. “He came to pick Belly up last night. I think they went to the drive-in. She left early this morning to go whale-watching with him.”
Conrad’s heart, tough as it’s been for months, flies apart in a million pieces. That’s it, then. She’s actually made it out of the burning house that they’ve been playing in since they were kids. She’s decided that it’s no longer livable. It’s what he hoped would happen—that she’d save herself, even if it meant leaving him behind.
The flames eat away at him. Agonizing.
What Steven says next distracts him, “Look, I don’t hate you. I don’t think I have it in me, and I don’t want anything bad to happen to you.” He looks down for a moment, and Conrad mirrors him, until he hears the following, “That’s why I asked my mom to go to the police station after Belly told me what happened. I had a feeling… I’m glad she got you out of there.”
Conrad gapes. “I—”
Steven raises a hand to silence him. “Don’t mention it, all right. You’re not a criminal. Mom knows that, I know that. Hell, Belly even knows it, even though she’s pissed at you right now.”
It takes every ounce of Conrad’s strength to make the fake smile stick on his face. A current of nausea builds in him, making him dizzy. Unable to keep his voice even, he says, “T-thank you,” and rushes away, fleeing as he should’ve done when his instincts told him to.
Not a criminal.
That’s how he knows. It’s over, what never really started.
His younger self would never forgive him. He wishes he could go back in time and apologize to the boy who caught fireflies for her, the boy who hoped they’d dance forever, the boy who loved her before he even knew what it meant. Most kids learn about love from their parents, from movies, or from books. He learned about love because it’s what Belly Conklin was to him. A wonder.
How is he supposed to let her go? It’s impossible.
And yet, it has to be done.
It’s for her own good
is also the kind of thing a tragic hero says to convince himself that he’s saved the person he loves from a terrible fate. It’s self-delusion, not self-sacrifice—a last-stitch effort to keep his life together as he’s actively destroying it. But it never works. Not for long. That night, while Conrad aids in the preparations for the upcoming debutante ball at the country club, his choices finally start to catch up with him.
During the final briefing, as the waitstaff is about to be released from their shift, the groundskeeper comes rushing in, huffing and puffing. Shouting that a car is on fire. It is, of course, Conrad’s beloved red Silverado. The alarm didn’t go off when the passenger side window was smashed because, like the radio, it doesn’t work anymore.
The fire is not big enough to do much damage. It’s not meant to—it’s meant to be a warning. This is clear to him when he realizes what’s burning. A bag of rotten peaches. Left on the passenger seat and doused in gasoline. It’s an easy job for the fire extinguisher, and yet it has Conrad
trembling
all over
,
his bones clattering in pure terror.
Someone’s onto him. They’ve sent him a threatening symbolic note.
It says, ‘
You think you’re invisible, boy? You aren’t. I see you.
And if you don’t stop what you’re doing, I’ll burn everything you love.
I’ll burn it to the ground.’
//
Belly spends the earliest hours of the day on a small boat, watching humpback whales as they emerge from the foamy waves. It feels surreal, like she’s watching her life from someone else’s perspective. Cam drapes a blanket around her shoulders and sits down in the chair next to her just as the creatures begin to sing— a melancholic, haunting array of noises that strike her heart. Tears fill her eyes.
“It’s almost as if they remember,” Cam murmurs, “their ancestors who were brutally taken away from them. It’s like they’re still grieving.”
“Generational trauma,” Belly says, her throat tight. “The pain never ends; it’s simply passed on to the young.”
During the previous semester, she wrote an essay about it for her AP Psych class. The thing that struck her the most as she was researching the topic was that this form of trauma is especially common in low-income communities, in families where children take on the burden of financial hardship. It hit her again last night, while she and Cam were watching
It Happened One Night
at the drive-in. The first time she saw the film at the orchard, the main conflict between Peter and Ellie flew right over her head. Rose-tinted glasses will do that. Seeing it again yesterday, as she bled from the fresh wound of Conrad’s rejection, was a revelation.
“Are you thinking about him again?” Cam asks, his voice low.
Belly meets his eyes, which are full of understanding. He’s a sweet boy, someone you don’t want to mess with, so she made it clear last night that she just wanted to be his friend. It didn’t seem to surprise Cam. After all, their very first conversation was about Conrad.
“I’m always thinking about him,” she admits. “One way or another. It just hurts.”
“Have you talked to him since the bonfire?”
Belly shakes her head.
Raising his binoculars to his eyes, Cam suggests, “Maybe you should try. I don’t know him that well, but he doesn’t strike me as the kind of guy who gives up on the people he loves.”
“You think he loves me?”
Cam smiles softly, looking at her again. “It was written all over his face. He was so scared for you. You really didn’t see that?”
Thinking back to the night of the bonfire, Belly only remembers the anger flashing in Conrad’s eyes. But Cam wouldn’t lie to her about what he saw; he has no reason to.
Encouraged by this, Belly asks, “You know where I can find him? Preferably a place where he can’t avoid me?”
Cam ponders this for a moment, then says, “There’s the debutante ball at the country club. I think he’s on as a waiter for the introduction dinner next Friday. You’ll need an invitation, though.” Grinning boyishly at her, he continues, “I’ll introduce you to Paige.”
Securing the invitation is unbelievably easy. All Belly has to do is show up at the country club in a nice sundress and shake Paige’s hand. Along with the fancy letter, she is given a full tour of the ballroom, where the dinner will be held. She’s told that a three-course meal will be served, that she will have plenty of time to mingle with the other girls, and that—as a debutante—she will be introduced into a community that will support her as she comes into adulthood. It all sounds very appealing, but Belly is hardly listening. The only thing on her mind is that Conrad will be there.
She’ll make sure that he feels her presence, that he won’t be able to take his eyes off her. For this scheme, she needs only the right dress, and her
guts.
On Friday evening, Laurel drops Belly off at the club and asks her to call when it’s over. Unlike the night of the bonfire, Belly doesn’t feel awkward showing up alone. She’s in a white A-line dress that reaches just past her thighs. Her mom made her put on a pair of tights before they left the house, but the first thing Belly does once the car is out of sight is pull them off. Beyond caring, she leaves them in a rose bush next to the entrance, then applies a red lip stain that Taylor let her borrow.
If Conrad isn’t working tonight, she’ll still look like she owns the place.
But he
is
there. As Belly enters the ballroom, he’s pouring water for some girls who are already seated at a faraway table. She’s never seen him like this, dressed in a crisp white shirt and a matching vest. A black bowtie sits at the base of his throat. The first thought that hits her is that it doesn’t look right. It looks… like a costume.
To distract herself, Belly finds her assigned seat and claims it. She tries to keep up appearances by engaging in small talk with the girls around her, but her eyes keep drifting, following him around the room, as if they’re caught in a dance only she knows the steps to. When he finally reaches her table, he stops dead in his tracks.
For a moment, Conrad looks like a deer caught in headlights. His hand flexes on the handle of the crystal decanter he’s carrying. Staring at him, she starts to smile. He doesn’t return it. Instead, he fixes his expression and says, with forced civility, “Good evening, ladies. Could I tempt you with some cold spring water?”
At least three of the other girls burst into giggles. Their reaction confuses Belly. She doesn’t find him charming at all, especially not when she glances at him and finds him already looking at her, his eyes thundering.
I know you don’t want me here with you,
her own gaze says,
but it’s where I belong.
Conrad pours water into her glass as if it would kill him to graze even an inch of her. Sensing this, Belly brushes her fingers along the edge of his sleeve as he pulls back. She doesn’t miss how he freezes, though it’s just for a second, she lives for it.
As soon as he’s left, the redhead sitting opposite her leans across the table and whispers, “I’ve heard that he’s fucked the manager.”
Belly’s heart seizes.
What?
“She could be his mother
,
” the girl at her left side remarks, scandalized. “That’s so gross.”
Someone else — Belly’s no longer taking note of their faces, only their words — chimes in with, “He apparently doesn’t discriminate. If you can pay, you can get it.”
“How much do you think he wants for an hour of head?”
“Jesus, Sadie, why don’t you ask him?”
It’s a miracle that Belly doesn’t retch her guts out all over the fancy tablecloth. She’s sickened. Not by Conrad, by how they’re talking about him, as if he’s nothing more than a vessel for their cheap, disgusting entertainment. As if he isn’t even human. When tears start to blur her vision, she stares at the embroidered napkin on her plate and fantasizes about ripping it to shreds. She wants to smash the glasses, break the dishes, and use the candlesticks to light the whole room on fire. In the end, she doesn’t.
She snaps, “You’re all disgusting. Leave him alone.”
The redhead gapes at her. “He can’t hear us.”
“But I can,” Belly hisses. “And I’m telling you to shut the fuck up.”
The vibes at the table turn sour after that. Not that it matters to her. She doesn’t care if these girls like her. In fact, she’d prefer if they hated her. When the food is brought out, she nibbles at it, finding it tasteless.
Conrad comes back to their table to clear away the dessert plates, and her eyes don’t stray from him. He doesn’t look back, but she knows that he feels her. The light pink flush on his neck tells her that the attention does have an effect.
When he reaches her chair, he leans over her shoulder, and—seeing that she’s barely touched her cake—asks, “The Gateau Marcel wasn’t to your liking, Miss?”
Belly looks straight at him, ignoring the pang in her chest. “Not sweet enough.”
His eyes flash. “I’ll notify the chef.”
“Oh, don’t bother,” she says, taking their double entendre to the next level by continuing, “I shouldn’t have such high expectations.”
Without breaking eye contact, he grabs her plate. In a moment of madness, she’s tempted to take it back just to keep him next to her. But everyone at the table is already staring at them, and she doesn’t want to start more gossip by making a scene. So she lets him go and then leaves the room. She won’tt burn it down, but she still can’t stand the air in here, thick and putrid.
She’ll wait for him outside.
And wait, she does. For at least an hour and a half. Perched on the fountain, she watches as the other debutantes—one after the other—are picked up in shiny cars. The sky is blackened, starless, and the breeze leaves goosebumps on her skin as it kisses her arms. Just as she’s starting to fear that he’s left through some secret staff back door, Conrad appears, still wearing his uniform, minus the black bowtie. It must’ve been strangling him.
Noticing her, he stops in his tracks again. He recovers quicker this time, asking, “What are you still doing here?”
Belly stands. When she starts walking, he stops, keeping a safe distance between them of about an arm’s length.
“I wanted to talk to you,” she says.
Conrad sighs wearily. “So talk.”
Licking her lips, Belly fishes for the right thing to say. There are a million things she wants to tell him, not all of them kind, but she chooses the delicate route. “I just… I want to know what’s going on. You’re acting so different—”
“People change, Isabel.”
Barely a minute into this conversation, she already wants to scream. Hearing her birth name on his tongue makes her skin crawl. It’s what her teachers call her when they praise her for being a
good girl
, what her classmates call her when they invite her to their fucked-up parties. It belongs to the world she wants to forget about when she’s here, with him, but he’s not letting her. He’s waving it in front of her face. Scornfully.
“Stop calling me that,” she snaps, “You’ve never—”
“I don’t take orders from you,” Conrad shoots back. “Not out here. Sorry.”
“That’s not—”
“Oh, it’s not fair? Fucking tell me about it,” he says harshly. “Why don’t you?”
Hot anger is flaring up inside her, making her breathe harder. Propelled by it, she takes a step closer. When he doesn’t retreat, she says, “You’re the one who isn’t being fair. You dropped me, you—you handed me over to another guy, wh-” Her voice breaks, suddenly pleading. “Why?
Why
would you do that?”
“You like him, so what’s the issue?” Conrad says, his voice way too flat. It sounds almost mechanical.
It throws her off, so when she responds, it’s barely audible, “Last summer…”
Conrad’s comeback is immediate and brutal, “Yeah, what? I got you off. I’d probably do it again if you asked, if that’s what you want. Is it?”
Belly stares, feeling as though the ground just gave out beneath her feet, taking her whole world with it. For a moment, she’s convinced that, if she reached out and touched his face, she’d find a mask. Someone else must be wearing her beloved’s face; that’s the only explanation for this.
Tearfully, angrily, she chokes out, “Who are you?”
In the next few seconds, cracks begin to show in Conrad’s stony expression. As their gazes remain locked, she notices the corner of his mouth twitching, his jaw moving, his lips parting. Finally, he replies, “Someone you need to stay away from.”
But it’s futile; she’s already seen through him. She knows he’s putting up a wall, and it’s time to tear it down. No matter what it takes. She’ll stop at nothing. Her Conrad is in there somewhere, and she has to get him out before he suffocates.
Breaching his personal space, Belly stares up at him defiantly. “You’re an asshole.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah,” she says. “Tell me why. Tell me what’s wrong.”
The silence cuts into both of their hearts. Standing there in the dark with him, listening to nothing but his breathing and the whispers of the wind around them, Belly is taken back in time. The current backdrop melts away, and suddenly she’s ten years old again, absorbing an ocean of sadness between them.
The realization hits her. It feels like drowning.
“It’s Susannah, isn’t it?” Every syllable burns her throat, choking her. “She’s sick again.”
As she says it, she wants so desperately to be wrong. She closes her eyes briefly against the hurt, and wishes for him to tell her that she’s mistaken. She wants him to tell her that he’s just grown tired of her. Although it’d be devastating, it’d be nothing compared to this, nothing compared to the truth.
He doesn’t say anything. His eyes soften, and a whimper escapes his lips, tiny and frail, like that of someone wounded in hiding, someone who knows their pain could kill them.
Please don’t see me.
“Conrad—” she says, lifting her hand to cup his cheek.
He flinches as if she burned him. “Don’t touch me,” he grits out, and she might’ve been hurt if he weren’t crumbling right in front of her, if he weren’t snapping for air. Inhaling shakily through his nose, he gathers himself to say, “Go home, Isabel.”
“Okay,” she whispers and leans forward to make their noses brush.
Conrad’s breath hitches. For a moment, they stay like that, gazing at each other through half-lidded eyes. Then he speaks up again, his voice something fierce, “I’m serious. You gotta leave.”
Stepping back, just an inch, she says. “Fine. I will.”
He sighs, thinking he’s won their battle. That’s before she cocks her head, adding, “I’ll just walk home. Alone. In the dark. Wearing this very short dress—” His jaw clenches, his eyes revealing inner conflict. In a sickly sweet, sarcastic tone, she delivers the final blow, “—you’ll let that happen, ‘cause you’re a piece of shit now, right?”
The message couldn’t be clearer.
I see you. The real you.
Conrad presses his lips to a thin line. And then, he yields. “Get in the car.”
The state of the Chevy explains why he was hesitant to drive her home. When Belly sees the smashed passenger side window, covered in blue collision wrap, she has to smother a gasp. “Did someone break in?”
“Something like that,” Conrad mutters.
Once Belly opens the door, she realizes that there’s more to this story. The passenger seat looks
torched,
the gray leather blackened in some places. Beyond that, there’s a nasty smell lingering in the air, nauseatingly fruity yet chemical.
Biting back a thousand questions, Belly reclaims her seat. They’ve driven for about five minutes in tense silence when she notices something else: a strange feeling under her left thigh. It’s similar to sleeping on a bad mattress, sensing the springs. She’s aware of something that’s supposed to be well-concealed.
As Conrad is fixated on the road, doing his absolute best not to look at her, Belly feels it’s safe to slip her hand down there. It isn’t long before she finds the thin incision in the seat. Her heart pounding, she reaches into it and pulls out what’s hidden inside: a thick wad of cash. Easily a few thousand dollars.
How on Earth…?
Suddenly, Belly recalls what one of the debutantes said at the dinner:
He doesn’t discriminate. If you can pay, you can get it.
Her voice is shrill as she demands his attention, “What is this?”
Conrad finally looks at her, at the money in her hand, and his eyes bulge. “Put that back.”
Belly won’t stand for more of his bullshit. “No,” she tells him. “Not until you tell me how the hell you got it.”
Licking his lips, Conrad says, “I’m a working man, Isabel,” but this jab ricochets this time, giving him away.
Belly scoffs. “Sorry, I wasn’t aware that the club pays people in cash.”
“What’s it to you?”
She has to wield all of her self-control not to reach over and shake him. “I want to know if you’re in some kind of trouble,” she says, her voice rougher than she’d like. “I can—”
Conrad pulls up to the curb by the beach house, shaking his head. “You can’t help me,” he says darkly. “You
can’t.
It’s too late for that.” When he glances at her, she sees how sincere he is, his expression wide open. His hands are trembling, clutching the wheel as the car idles. “So please, forget you saw that and go back to your own world.”
It’s more desperate than cutting, but these words are a gut-punch.
Your world.
The beach house, the country club, the debutante ball. For the first time, he’s saying the quiet part out loud.
What’s yours will never be mine.
With tears sticking in her throat, she whispers, “We used to create worlds together, remember? Just for us.”
Conrad inhales shakily, closing his eyes. He can’t look at her as he says, “Grow up, Belly.”
Surprising even herself, she grabs the handle of the knife that he just twisted in her heart and pulls it out, smiling as she bleeds. “
Belly,
huh?”
This exposes him completely, ending the pretend. He looks shell-shocked, struck by the fallout, and then the mask slips off his face, revealing utter devastation. Tears fill his eyes as he looks at her, making him seem ten years younger. “You have to let me go,” he says, begging her.
Belly shakes her head profusely, crying with him. “I can’t.”
Lifting her hand, he presses his lips to her pulse as if he’s communicating with her broken yet still-beating heart. “You can, I promise you, you can.”
“No.”
“
Please.
”
This word, edging on a wail, stuns her. She’s never heard him so desperate before. It sounds like he’s pleading for his life. She knows this sound will never leave her. She’ll take it to the grave.
Even as she absorbs all of his pain, she tells him, “I won’t leave you behind. I promised.”
Conrad looks
shattered.
In comfort, she runs her hand along the length of his forearm, as if to show him that she’s holding on. It pulls a strangled sob out of his throat.
Without a second thought, Belly pulls him against her chest. He tenses for a moment before the tremors wreck him. Time melts away as she slips her fingers through his hair. It sounds cruel, but she wants to hear him cry. She rubs circles on his back, trying to force the sobs out; she knows they’re trapped inside him, wreaking havoc.
Nothing comes out. He just shudders. Once he finally stills, he pulls back to look at her.
Brushing the hair from his eyes, Belly asks, “Are you gonna tell me about that money?”
She hates that she has to be so blunt, but she’s sick of him hiding the truth from her, especially when it seems so dire.
Conrad swallows hard. “Belly, you don’t want to know.”
Enough,
she thinks, leaning in until their lips brush. “Fuck that. You don’t know what I want. Or what I don’t,” she whispers. “When I want something, I’ll tell you myself.” As Conrad’s hot breath ghosts across her mouth, she gasps low in her throat. “But what’s the point if you’re not… listening?”
“Hypocrite,” Conrad rasps, the gravel in his voice making wetness gather between her thighs. “I’ll tell you what
I
want, all right?” Belly holds her breath. He’s so close, she almost can taste him. “Get out of my car.”
There’s a warning edge to his voice that makes her hot all over. A minute ago, hearing these words would’ve hurt her. Now, she looks straight into his eyes, whose brighteness color has been swallowed by his blown pupils, and says, “Make me.”
Conrad’s hand slides across her waist, igniting sparks in its wake. As it reaches her hip, it stalls, and she’s convinced that he’s going to grab her, pull her onto his lap. It wouldn’t be the first time. Last summer, they made out just like that, pressed together in the driver’s seat. But that moment in her life is long-gone. Conrad clicks her seatbelt, unfastening it.
His lips graze the side of her throat as he repeats, “Get out.”
Belly doesn’t feel defeated. Because she notices everything about him, and— especially at this proximity—he can’t hide from her. She hears his breath quiver as he inhales the scent of her skin, feels him straining against the natural force between them, like a rubber band about to snap. If she kissed him right now, he’d lose his mind. He’d fuck her. There’s no shred of doubt left in her.
She’s never felt more powerful. High off this, she says, “Have it your way.”
And then she leaves the car.
Is this what’s it’s like to be electrocuted? Every part of her body buzzes as she walks up the driveway to the house, and she can’t form a single coherent thought. Vaguely, she senses the tightness that the tears have left behind on her face, the dryness in her throat, the hole in her heart, but she’s too overwhelmed to fully acknowledge any of it. She’s also far to overwhelmed to notice that the lights are on in the living room.
In the hallway, Belly turns around and finds herself face-to-face with her mother. Laurel’s arms are crossed, her expression severe. “Where have you been? You were supposed to call me.”
Belly freezes, scrambling for a convincing lie. “Sorry, I lost track of time. It won’t happen again, I promise.”
Not letting her off the hook, Laurel asks, “Who drove you home?” Belly doesn’t remember any of the girls’ names. As she fumbles, Laurel fills in the blanks herself. “Conrad. Of course.”
Her mom’s tone, marked by exasperation and disapproval, throws Belly off. While the bedroom ban made it obvious that she wasn’t thrilled by the idea of them, she’s never directly opposed them spending time together. She seemed to accept it last year when Belly told her she’d see him no matter what.
“Yeah,” Belly admits. “So what? He works at the club. It was late—”
Laurel cuts her off. “What happened to your tights?”
Struck speechless, Belly just stands there, paralyzed under her mother’s prying gaze.
It takes Laurel about three seconds to jump to a conclusion. “Oh my God,” she looks at the ceiling, disappointment cortorting her stern expression. “I knew this would happen.”
Belly’s chest tightens like a fist. “Mom, just listen—”
“No,
you
listen,” Laurel says, her voice fraying at the edges. “He’s older than you. He’s troubled. I can’t watch you give everything to a boy like that. You’ll get nothing back. He’s got nothing to offer you.”
Trembling from barely-contained rage, Belly snaps, “What does that mean?”
“I had to reason with the local police to get him of out of a holding cell, Belly. They were going to charge him with underage drinking, public intoxication,
assault."
Belly gapes. “That’s ridiculous. He
pushed
someone, and he was—”
“Doesn’t matter,” Laurel interjects. “He’s changed. I don’t want him around you anymore. You could get hurt.”
There it is, another way of saying,
it’s for you own good
. Punishment dressed up as protection. It strikes Belly, briefly, how similar they are, Conrad and her mother. If only Laurel could see that right now. Even if she can’t, Belly’s determined to make her see that she’s unjustly vilifying him.
Her voice quivering, Belly says, “I could get hurt because he drinks? Because he smokes weed? Every boy I know from home does that, Mom! Every single one! They do way worse things, too! They steal, they trespass, they drive while drunk. But they don’t get arrested. No one gives a
fuck.
Because they have
money.
How is that fair?”
Laurel blinks, taken aback. They’ve never talked about this before. As a lawyer, she’s well aware of the injustices within the justice system, but— when it comes to her daughter—her thinking can be quite black-and-white.
Fixing her expression, she admits, “It’s not,” only to add, “But he still broke the law, and he didn’t seem to care at all. That scares me, Bean.”
“You know what scares
me?
” Belly shouts, losing it. “You’ve seen him grow up, you’ve seen him struggle, you said it killed you inside!” Tears of fury fill her eyes. “But none of that matters to you now. He doesn’t care about the law? I don’t, either! And guess what? Neither do you—at least not when you’re defending your corporate clients!”
Even as she says it, she knows she’s lighting a fire that she can’t control. She knows she’s putting herself in danger, but the thrill of it overpowers everything.
Suddenly, Laurel is the one accused of a crime. Unable to defend herself, she wields the only semblance of authority she has left, raising her voice to a shrill shout, “How dare you talk to me like that? Go to your room.”
“Oh, I’m grounded?” Belly scoffs.
“Yes,” Laurel hisses. “Until you get him out of your head! And don’t think you’re staying. We’ll leave first thing in the morning.”
Belly waits until she hears the television turn on downstairs. Then she takes a flashlight out of her nightstand, opens a window, and climbs onto the roof. She’s never snuck out this way before. She's never berated her mother before, either. This is a night of many
Firsts
for Belly Conklin.
The escape is not too perilous, considering that she cuts the drop in three. First, she leaps from the main part of the roof onto the master bedroom balcony. From there, she moves onto a small triangle of roof tiles supported by a pillar, which makes the rest of her journey smooth. All she has to do is slide down it until she feels the ground beneath her feet again. The most nervewracking part is sneaking around to the front of the house and grabbing her bike.
With adrenaline rushing through her veins, she rides to the orchard. Somehow, she’s sure he’s there tonight. She can feel it in her bones, in her heart, in her
guts,
too. When she arrives, the front door is locked as it was on her first day here. This doesn’t stop her. She just survived a drop from a roof. A gate should be child’s play. Except, it’s not.
She climbs to the top of the iron bars, where her dress catches on the spikes. Yanking herself free, she drops—involuntarily—to the ground. It’s no more than five feet, but that doesn’t matter. The driveway gravel cuts her knee open. The pain is sharp, unexpected, blinding. Instead of being paralyzed by it, she pulls herself to her feet and runs despite it. Runs to find him.
It doesn’t take long. He’s standing between the fourth and fifth row of peach trees, picking fallen peaches off the ground and tossing them in a wheelbarrow. It seems like an odd thing to be doing, especially this late at night, but that doesn’t occur to her. Her heart’s in her throat, about to fly to him. She opens her mouth to speak his name.
She doesn’t need to.
Conrad turns, his eyes locking on hers in a way that makes her wonder if this is real. For a minute, they stare as if they’ve manifested each other into being. He’s the one who breaks the silence, “You shouldn’t be here. You’re trespassing.”
Belly isn’t fooled by his front anymore. As the wind takes hold of her hair, making it dance around her face, she approaches him. The sting in her knee only makes her feel more alive. When she’s standing right in front of him, she cocks her head. “What are you gonna do? Call the cops?”
The jab makes his gaze drop, but it doesn’t reach the ground; it fixes on her knee. “You’re bleeding,” he observes. “A lot.”
“I know,” Belly says, the memory of their first meeting a beacon at the back of her mind. “Are you gonna take care of me?”
Conrad’s jaw clenches. The pain that’s trapped in his irises tells her that he doesn’t want to be looking at her. He wants to hide, but it’s impossible now. “I can’t,” he murmurs, his voice rough.
“You can’t or you
won’t
?”
His sharp intake of breath reveals that this hurts him, the implication that he’s choosing
not
to protect her, when—all along— he’s been fighting to keep her safe, sacrificed his own heart for it.
“I can’t,” he repeats, the corner of his mouth curling sourly.
“But you know how,” Belly insists, her words fraying at the edges. “You’ve known since you were
six years old.
”
Sighing, Conrad bends down to pick a fruit off the ground. Holding it in his palm, he says, “You see this peach? I’m allergic to it now.” Belly looks at him, baffled, and he winces before continuing, “Funny how cruel changes like that just… happen to people. Without warning. Without reason.” The thick emotion is his voice tells her that he’s not just talking about an allergy. He’s talking about Susannah. Of course he is.
Belly’s heart lurches.
Conrad turns the peach, revealing a large brown spot next to its crevice. Glancing at her, he says, “And funny how things rot. You can’t prevent it.” This part isn’t about his mother. It’s about
him.
“All you can do is throw them away before they spoil everything around them.”
She’s had enough of this. Snatching the peach out of his hand, Belly sinks her teeth into it, her eyes locked on his in fierce defiance.
Conrad’s jaw drops, and he grabs her wrist. “What are you doing? Spit it out.”
Belly has no intention of that. The peach isn’t actually rotten, just overripe and bruised from the fall. The meat is slightly mushy, intoxicatingly sweet. She stares at him as she chews shamelessly, and Conrad can’t take his eyes off her, his lips parted in shock.
Swallowing, Belly relishes the juice, even though it has a strong, bitter aftertaste. “I don’t care,” she says, devotion stealing her breath, “I don’t care what you’ve done.”
Conrad captures her mouth with his, making her drop the peach. There’s no hesitation, no built-up, no finesse; he kisses her like he’s starving, biting her bottom lip, then soothing the sting by sucking at it. Gasping, Belly opens her mouth for him. The tip of his tongue, hot and wet, finds hers—a messy, destined meeting.
Belly mewls, raking her fingers through his hair. Down his back. She claws at his t-shirt, wishing it would rip. Conrad must feel her frenzy because he breaks their kiss, only for a second, to pull it off his head. But he doesn’t give her time to touch him. Instead, he backs her against the wheelbarrow and thrusts his knee in between her thighs.
A electric jolt of pleasure runs through her, makes her shudder in his arms.
“Tell me what you want,” he whispers in her ear, a callback to their conversation in the car. “Maybe I’ll listen.”
“Your hands,” she pants, the suppressed
please
making her lips quiver.
Begging isn’t necessary. Conrad promptly grabs the skirt of her dress and pulls it up so it sits on her hips. As her white lace panties are exposed, his Adam’s apple bobs.
“You like them?” Belly whispers, knowing the answer already. “I put them on for you.”
“Jesus,” he rasps. “You can’t say things like that. Not in real life.”
Belly’s heart leaps at the implication. For a minute, she wonders just how filthy she is in his imagination. Knowing Conrad, he’s probably ashamed of these fantasies, considers them too dark to voice. “What do you want me to say instead?” she whispers, pressing her thumb to the corner of his mouth. “
Oh no, don’t put your rough hands on me, I’ll break.
” His eyes flash. “Get over yourself.”
“Get to work, you mean?” he says, his voice rough. “Oh, I will.”
Then he cups her through her panties, rubbing the heel of his palm against her clit. The lace is is much thinner than the cotton was the last time this happened. He traces her wet folds through the fabric until her breath hitches against his ear. And, finally, he slips his hand past the barrier, pressing a long finger inside her.
“Conrad,” she moans, her knees buckling. When they do, she is reminded of the bleeding abrasion, as it stings, protesting. But this only elevates her pleasure.
His thumb circles her clit, slowly as it did last year in her bedroom. Except, this time, he’s also crooking his finger inside of her, and all she can think is,
this is not enough.
Even as she clenches around him, tumbling off the edge, she wants his cock. Wants it badly. Achingly.
Nevertheless, she pushes that desire away. For now. Trembling from the aftershocks of the orgasm, she presses her lips to his ear and whispers, “Will you tell me what
you
want?”
Drawing back, Conrad licks his lips. His eyes, heavy and dark, drink her in. “I want to taste you,” he says.
He lays her down on the ground for that. The grass is dewy from the humid night air, soaking through the back of her dress, but the cold water doesn’t reach her. How can she freeze with his tongue inside her, hot and insistent? She sees stars, although she isn’t looking at the sky above her, and squeezes her thighs around his head involuntarily.
Panting, Conrad takes his mouth off her. Belly opens her eyes to apologize — or protest, she hasn’t decided—just he presses his lips to her shin, sucking at the thin trail of blood left by the abrasion. “All right,” he murmurs, audibly on the verge of tears. “I’ll take care of you.”
Her heart flutters as he picks her up off the ground and carries her into the house. Bridal style. Overwhelmed by the haze of pleasure, Belly doesn’t fully recognize where she is until he puts her down on the pull-out couch. When he kisses her, she tastes the iron of her blood on his lips and shivers.
“Stay here,” Conrad whispers. “I’ll be right back.”
Left alone in the living room, Belly returns to her body and starts to take note of her surroundings: his bedsheets beneath her, smelling of his lemon soap; the AP Biology textbook on the floor; the white fuse bead bracelet on the coffee table. Stunned, she picks it up, turning it to look at the red medical cross. It’s way too small for him to wear now, but he still has it. This shouldn’t surprise her, and yet it does.
When Conrad returns, carrying a big First Aid kit, she whispers, “You kept this.”
“Of course,” he says, kneeling in front of her. “It’s a nice reminder.”
Belly wants to ask him what he means by that, but she quickly realizes that it’s unnecessary. As he wipes the blood off her leg, her mind flashes back twelve years. Their history repeats itself. His touch is gentle, featherlight as he dabs antiseptic on the wound. She winces at the sting. Smiles at him while he places a Band-Aid, this one sadly plain, on her knee.
Instead of kicking her legs, Belly buries her hands in his hair. “Do you like my guts?”
Conrad gazes at her, reverently, whispering, “I love them.”
Belly’s heart leaps. Leaning forward, she presses her mouth to his. He tastes of her arousal, of her blood, which is immediately intoxicating. It must affect him, too, because his hands slide under her dress. “Can I take this off?”
“Please.” She grins against his mouth. “It’s filthy now.”
Those grass stains will never come off. She might as well burn it. Maybe she will.
Their mouths crash again, messy and hungry, until they’re both gasping for air. At this point, Conrad pulls back. Belly thinks he’s going to kiss her neck, but instead, he reaches into the First Aid kit and pulls out a condom.
Brushing her thumb along his jawline, she teases, “Oh, you just had that lying around, did you?”
Conrad bites his lip. “Bought some last summer. Just in case.”
“Oh.”
This surprises her because, based on his forced restraint whenever she tried to touch him, she’d concluded that he was actively trying
not
to fuck her. Out of respect or whatever. Guess she misinterpreted him.
At least they both have a tendency to do that. Misinterpreting her surprise, Conrad says, “Listen, I don’t know if you’ve heard—what people say about me. It just… I want you to know that I haven’t...”
Belly’s heart clenches. She
hates
how broken he sounds. The feeling that rose in her during the dinner returns full-force, and—for a moment—she wants to burn this whole town to the ground. Instead, she tips up his chin so he can’t avoid her eyes.
Gazing at him, she says, “I said I don’t care what you’ve done. I meant it.”
Conrad gulps. “But I care, Belly. I don’t want you to think that I’ve been with—”
“I don’t,” she says honestly. “I don’t think that.”
Tears shine in his eyes. Then he presses his lips to her forehead. Exhales shakily against her skin. “I’ve always wanted to be with you,” he whispers. “No one else.”
“Be with me then,” Belly murmurs.
For a few years now, she’s pictured what it’d be like — her first time with Conrad Fisher. In this case, her fantasies pale in comparison to reality. He’s gentle as he pushes inside her, letting her adjust, asking her if it hurts. It doesn’t. The work of his hands and mouth has prepared her well, so it doesn’t feel like an intrusion. It feels as if they’re melting together as two flames of the same fire. Their fingers interlace as he rolls his hips, reaching into her with slow, deep movements.
His stare burns. “You wanna know what I’ve done?”
Belly nods, pressing her fingers into his spine.
“I blackmail people,” he confesses against lips, making her shiver. “That’s what I’ve done, that’s what I
do.
I’ve changed. I’m… a terrible person.”
Hearing him say that, so earnestly, breaks her heart more than any of his attempts to push her away. Resolute, she wraps her legs tighter around his waist and flips them, trapping him beneath her.
“And yet here you are—”
“Loving you,” he finishes, tracing his fingers up her spine. “My whole life has turned to shit and I still can’t help it. I guess that makes me terrible, too.”
“No,” Belly insists. “It makes you brave. You’re the bravest man I know.”
His eyes soften. “If that’s true, maybe I do deserve you.”
“I don’t care what you think you deserve,” she says, rocking her hips against his. He gazes up at her, and she looks like the only god he’d ever pray to. “Because I love you, too.”
To Hell with his demons. She’ll burn along with them for all she cares.
(Belly doesn’t have the gift of foresight. As she thinks this thought, she doesn’t know that it will come true. His worst nightmare will become reality. When it does, this house that has cradled them as they played and danced, will witness the act of love that they both think will be their last.
And it won’t survive that.)